@Ra_THORe https://t.co/UUA2JXdach
@Ra_THORe https://t.co/XIgqjn8zsY
2/2 I dedicate this award to Indore, my birthplace and to Mumbai and the Film Industry which has given me everything. I would also like to thank Mr Javed Akhtar without whose contribution this would not have been possible.#IFFI2018
1/2 Thank you IFFI and Information &amp; Broadcasting ministry, Government of India for honouring me with the Indian Personality for Life time contribution to Indian Cinema.#IFFI2018
The only defence they have is "Why so late ?” It is better late than never. You don’t have to wait for the result, you have already won great public support.

Aadmi pahad se gir kar khadda ho sakta hai…apni nazron se girkar nahin.
In this age of the rat race it does not matter how you entered public life, your exit should be honorable and memorable
Krishnaji no more, Sad. a  lady who became a devi. They don’t make them like her anymore. #KrishnaRajKapoor
I am not a poet and even if i tried my hand at poetry i would do a much better job than the trash that has been published under my name. I have no idea what anyone is getting out of this.
A couple of years back somewhere on social media a poem was published under my name which started “Aaj kalam ka kagaz se danga karne wala hun” the same poem is doing the rounds again under my name.
Mahatma Gandhi, Nelson Mandela, Jesus Christ, Gautam Buddha to name a few. You have started a movement which has lot of followers and growing. Also pls note this world has more peace lovers than destructive people and that is y the world has survived. Love each other or Perish.
Salman Nadwi sahab, whether the AIMPLB asked you to step down or u quit it was a blessing in disguise, as being part of the committee was anyway a liability. Pls look up incidents in history where any change has been brought about by ONE person and not by any party or committee.
RT @CNNnews18: #EXCLUSIVE | Watch - Being Indian With Salim Khan (@luvsalimkhan); CNN-News18's @maryashakil speaks to the legendary scriptw…
Smritiji, #PrasoonJoshi is a great choice and a very sensible one. Congratulations. @smritiirani @prasoonjoshi_
They dont follow Quran, they dont follow the Prophet yet they call themselves muslims. Every muslim should be ashamed of this cowardly act.
Fairness, Objectivity and Honesty unfortunately have become rare.
Congratulations to Shri Kovindji &amp; to the ones who shrtlsted his name for candidature I hope he becomes one of the grtst Presidents of India
You think its Political ? Well what did you expect ? this is not a game of cricket being played between 2 friendly teams.
The other reason you may have not heard of him as he has stayed away from any controversies.
Ramnath kovind ? Never heard of him ? Poor Gnrl knowledge. Now that his name is announced as the Presidential candidate, every one knows him
I have repeatedly said that Raina should be in the Indian team in all forms of cricket. He proved it once again yesterday. #sureshraina
Players who excel in the limited overs format, can do very well in test cricket. The rverse may not be true though.
Jahan bat ghumta hai wahan ball padti hai - Syed Mushtaq Ali, Legendary cricker
Cricket ki zabaan mein suniye ki waqt kya cheez hai - Jab Waqt acha hota hai toh jahan ball padti hai wahan bat nahin ghumta......
Pakistan talks about maintaining a good relationship with India. Here is the opportunity. Let us pray for his safe return. #KulbhushanJadhav
Ek begunah aadmi ko maarna saari insaniyat ko marne ke barabar hai - Hadith (Hadis) #KulbhushanJadhav
Prophet Mohd during his lifetime had nvr given Fatwa on any issue.These so called clerics are a huge embarassment to the followers of islam
They dont even know that Fatwa is not a verdict or judgement and is an opinion given by an islamic scholar.
Media called them clerics and by doing so have given them intellectual respectability which they dont deserve at all.
Sushmaji it was a wonderful and a pleasant sight to see you where you belong. Khuda aap ko sehat aur lambi umar de Take care. @SushmaSwaraj
RT @HariniRana: #MustRead came home to masterpiece by the big daddy of #Bollywood @luvsalimkhan some stories need to be told,noone can pen…
Nothing succeeds like success. There can be numerous reasons for a faliure but there cant be any excuse. Happy Holi to everyone.
If your religion requires you to hate someone, you need a new religion. Love each other or perish - Anon
3/3Nobody has seen the film or read the script but i am sure Sanjay would not have hurt the sentiment of any community or individual
2/3The people those who attacked Sanjay Leela Bhansali called themselves Rajputs. The incident is a matter of shame to the noble community.
1/3 I have grown up with Rajput boys and have been close to their families. This race is genetically brave hospitable and loyal.
RT @HariniRana: this coming from original #Blockbuster man &amp; one of d biggest cricket follower @luvsalimkhan they dont make them like him a…
Dhoni conducted himself like a gentleman in a gentlemans game and set an unparalleled example to be followed. @msdhoni
News Dhonis era over. It will never be over The way he retd from tests and now gave up captaincy of ltd over crkt hs earned hm unltd respect
Narendrabhai the power of the youth is double edged it can go either way. You need to address it immediately @narendramodi @PMOIndia
Its a shame what the youth have done in Bngluru.Such acts are happning rptdly all ovr.We were also young once bt nvr have such things happnd
Honble PM Narendrabhai, you have time and again mentioned that Indias youth will drive the country forward.
Imandari is not a legal issue it is a moral issue.
When gangsters demand it is extortion and when Govt official demands it is bribe. Both are the same. In both cases ye Phalti nahin hai.
Laxmi is neither black nor white. Paani ki tarah saaf aur pavitra hoti hai. The color money of is decided by the way it is acquired.
"When i walked alone i wished i could reach the end of the road But when friends joined me I wished that the road never ends"- ANON
“Us Maan ko kahan se laoge” https://t.co/ab1UjUQYH1
It is like trying to find a black cat in a pitch dark black room which is not there.
lived together for 30 40 years with respect&amp; courtesy The stars of today are trying to portray love amngst themselves which is not possible
There cannot be love between rivals only courtesy. The stars of yester years like Dilip sahab Raj sahab and Dev sahab had realised this and
if a rivals film flops we are happy too. And we live happily ever after. THE END
amongst us who have aligned themselves to political parties for personal gain.And Yes we are a happy lot. If our films work we are happy and
caste &amp; creed. What works is talent &amp; capability. This is true from the time of Dada Saheb Phalke till date. It is true that there are some
Film industry divided ?? No way Film industry is THE one place where there is no place for discrimination on the basis of Language religion
personal or islamic law. Yet they live in peace.The larger Q is Are muslims following islam at all? If you cant lead them dont mislead them.
misunderstood by some muslims but, it does not interfere with Islam at all.  33 % muslims live as minorities in countries where there is no
Triple Taalaaq arbitrarily in one sitting is against the Quranic principle. UCC is facing resistance from some clerics and might have been
Owaisi is upset with Modiji and abuses Salman. Owaisi a self proclaimed leader of Muslims. God help the Muslims
Picture boycott karo" This is the language he uses for Muslims. I wanted to react and retaliate then but couldnt stoop to his level.
on invitation of Modiji to fly Kites. I had advised him to go. Owaisi got some of his followers together and said Ïss Haram ke pille ki
in his family wife, sister and definetly a mother. Owaisi got almost violently offended. Flashback Jan 2014 Salman went to Ahmd
A couple of days ago on Times Now, during a one on one debate about UCC Nalin Kohli happened to ask Owaisi that he must be having women
Note. This is not in favour of Salman or pak actors, it is for the preacher who does not practice.
actors were paid &amp; didn’t speak against Pak, the genrls were paid to speak agnst India  And he says the film indstry is full of hypocrites
for being bashed up regularly If not then they are not genrls and are generous But there is a diff between Pak actors and genrls while the
coup possible calls Pak retd. Genrls air marshals on his show Raj Thackrey and Shiv Sena pls note Wonder how much the panelists get paid
Jawed sahab called and said Pak artists have gone back. Mogambo khush hua. But Gabbar says Bahut na insafi hai that the person who made this
https://t.co/rLCgQsLkpZ
Mr Bhatt our country has no dearth of intense and dramatic actors on TV then why look across the border.
rather than in a job of shouting screaming hurting &amp; humiliating people.  Mr Yechury careful,  talking of peace will make you a traitor.
as these people are a big threat to the unity of our country. Take heart gentlemen at least you are in the job of entertaining people
Breaking news Saeed, Lakhvi &amp;  Masood replaced by Salman Khan Mahesh Bhatt Karan Johar &amp;  Yechury on the most wanted list of Times Now
Strugglers in creative field sell their creativity to buy contentment not realising contentment is the biggest enemy of creativity. Catch 22
5/5 its due. Lalit Modi has changed cricket and everything around it the world over
4/5 when a 400+ total has been chased only 4 times in 2220 tests !And yes he may have had a run in with the law but we must give the devil
3/5 but how many times have we seen a sporting declaration Captains play it safe and set a target of 500 plus to be chased
2/5 Test cricket is the 'real cricket' we have killed it.Most captains claim to play positive test cricket
1/5 TNPL 20-20 a big success, crowds, good batting and fielding. 1st test Ind Nz gripping but at 1.30 pm TV channel changes to KPL 20-20
2/2 "Every time a bullet is fired in war, if it reaches its mark it reaches a mothers heart"
1/2 Indiraji while placing a wreath on the tomb of the unknown soldier at Moscow quoted Kaisyn Kuliev
Ironic then that you are going around the world complaining about India. Is anyone listening ??
your army, your parliament or your people. Wonder if your respected family listens to you ???
they would have named you Be-Nawaz Sharir.A big blunder has been comitted. Its your own admission that no one listens to u in Pakistan be it
1/4 Beg your pardon Mr Sharif, If people those who gave you your name knew what your characteristics would be,
3/3 There is no power greater than love 
There is no religion greater than truth
God Bless.
Salim Khan
Your frnd &amp; Countryman @narendramodi
2/3 to take morally &amp; humanly correct decisions rather than politically convenient ones. @narendramodi @PMOIndia @BJP4India
1/3 Narendra Bhai Wishing you a very very Happy Birthday. May god give you courage, strength and divine wisdom @narendramodi @BJP4India
Third world war will be fought over water, a free gift from God. Nostradamus
Now 2 states of our country are fighting ovr water I wonder what the people who gave their blood for this country would be feeling right now
During summer so many good samaritans set up water stalls to give free drinking water and also during Moharram such stalls are set up.
Wars have been fought over kingdoms, borders, over religion and more recently over oil. Importance of water in Indian culture is well known.
In fact Polluted drinking water kills more people than alcohol
Prohibition comes with a package of crime corruption gang wars Hafta system, cheap spurious liquor which takes thousands of lives.
But with the imposition of Prohibition it will move towards Jungle Raaj It has not worked anywhere in the world incl India but we dont learn
I always thought it was unfair when Bihar was said to have Jungle Raaj, as crime is everywhere maybe in varying degrees.
High court judgement on Haji Ali endorses what Hadees and Quran have said. To be a good muslim you have to be a good human being.
uncomplicated religion like Islam. Even Fatwa is not a verdict as people think, its an opinion given by an Islamic scholar.
Mazar &amp; Durga are graves men &amp; women both can visit them as there is no gender
discrimination in Islam. Mullas &amp; Maulvis are complicating an
Love is rooted in respect. Its not possible to Love any body whom you dont respect. To get Love, Get Respect.
Kamina aadmi ek aangarey  ki tarah hota hai.. jab jalta hai toh hath Jala deta hai..jab bujhta hai toh hath kaala kar deta hai.
Aadmi Pahad se girkar khada ho sakta hai..apni nazron se gir kar nahin..
2/2 You may ask me any question except "When is Salman getting married" - even god doesnt know. @KiranKotrial @SohailKhan @BeingSalmanKhan
1/2 Whether you are at home or on the move tune into @RadioNasha919  every Sat-Sun 4-5 pm and i will talk to all of you.
Frustration and bitterness are difficult to cure but carrying the same for such a long time is unheard of
Anyone calling him a mediocre actor should know that no one can reach these heights unless he has something extraordinary to offer.
I told him I have seen bigger crowds many times outside Rajesh Khannas house. He was the first and the last superstar of the millenium.
An actor passed my house and saw a big crowd waiting for Salman he called me up to say he has not seen anything like this before.
What shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul (Jesus, quoted by Shakespere)
Owaisi, Yogi Aditya nath and company those who pollute the communal harmony of the country.
Inclusion of Imran Masood has disappointed the sensible community and also lost the right to question the presence of
Secularism is claimed by one and all but it is the property of sensible people irrespective of party or religion.
but to resist this temptation will make them human which is the greatest of all religions
And wonder how could a man old enough to be a grandfather do this. People have strong temptation to hurt people .
In a TV debate Salman was mentioned as old enough to be a grandfather over and over. I request them to watch #Sultan in a theatre.
If a liberal leader will come the fanatics will shoot him dead. God help them.
Islam is faced with a catch 22 situation of being leaderless. If a fanatic leader emerges the whole world will reject him.
On this eid let us pledge that our prayers will be incomplete without condemning the senseless cowardly killing.
If they are muslims for any reason I am not.The Prophet said "killing one innocent human was equivalent to killing the humanity"
To be a Muslim one has to follow the Prophet and Quran. I dont know what these people are following but they are not following Islam at all.
Dhaka -The people involved with these acts at regular intervals all over the world call themselves  Muslims.
What is the meaning of getting an apology from a person under the guillotine, who knows rightly or wrongly that he has not committed a crime
But the commercial compulsion of the media wanted to carry it to the saturation point. I regret not knowing this.
Normally people apologise to get rid of the problem but, I meant it hoping that the problem would be over.
guess the question from the PMs answers. Now where are the hypocrites who say he can only shout or that he is not afraid of anyone??
But last night I saw Arnab interview the PM and I couldnt hear a word inspite of the volume being on max. Arnab was so soft that I had to...
What medical grounds ? Yes cause I am 40% short of hearing in both ears. Thats the only channel I can hear word by word.
What? You only watch Times now,that too for Arnab?Its not for his obsessive love for Salman and highest regard for me its on medical grounds
Needless for me to remind them that Hatred is a self consuming emotion.
Dear friend the saying goes that the good thing about bad things is that they also come to an end.
When the hate campaign against Salman was going on in debate no 1 debate no 2, fortunately for us there was no debate no 3 4 or 5.
To err is human to forgive divine. Today on Intl yoga day lets not run our shops on this mistake.
Nevertheless I apologise on behalf of his family his fans &amp; his friends. Forgiveness is to pardon the unpardonable or it is no virtue at all
Undoubtedly what Salman said is wrong, the simili, example and the context. The intention was not wrong.
Keep it up. The winning post though far but can be seen.
This is the 1st time the industry is united.Else the producer fought his battle alone against the whims and outdated morality of the censors
Acceptance of a problem is the first step towards correction and improvement. Why do you go to a doctor ? Because you accept the problem.
We highly respect them. What has happened is sad. "Aye mere watan ke logon zara aankh mein bhar lo pani"
There should be no debate there is no divide. The whole industry is with Lataji and Tendulkar. They are our national treasure.
"Success has destroyed more people than faliures" Samuel Goldwyn
3/3 It is a shortest short story titled "Blind Rage". Its happening all over the world. Unfortunate.
2/3 The passenger slaps him. He pulls out the gun, fires 6 rounds killing 6 people except the man who slapped him.
1/3 A blind man travelling in a crowded train compartment with a loaded gun, he gets into an argument with a co passenger
"How did you know ?" asked the colonel. "The glass one has some humanity left" the jew replied.
"Look into my eyes and tell me which is the glass one and I will spare you"."The right one" the jew replied.
The col said "One eye of mine is a glass eye and the dr who replaced it claims nobody will be able to tell you which one is the glass eye"
One 75 yr old sick and tired man came face to face with the colonel in charge. Why do you want to waste yr bullet ? I am going to die anyway
World War IInd -Jews were exterminated. Official figure 6 mil. One morn a long line of jews facing a firing squad, 1 by 1 they dropped dead.
I want to tell my readers I am not guilty of it. Find out the culprit and it is our moral duty and responsibilty to educate him.
There is some ridiculous and meaningless material going around in my name on Whats app.
Remember, In life there are no setbacks there are only lessons.
But the poor man isn't responsible for his face, responded his advocate. "Every man after 40 is responsible for his own face" said Lincoln.
When he refused he was asked why he would not accept him. "I don't like his face," the President replied.
It is said that Abraham Lincoln, when he was President of the U.S., was advised to include a certain man in his cabinet.
and i am called unfair, arrogant and asked to apologise. "Oh lord forgive them for they know not what they do" - Jesus
Now first time i support him on my belief that what he is doing is right. Instead and alcohol or tobacco he is promoting sports.
WINDING UP. Salman has been in controversy for the last 25 years regularly. Not a single time i supported him. I was known as a fair person.
"Sacchai woh diya hai jo pahad ki choti pe jala do toh roshni to bahut kam door tak karta hai, magar dikhta bahut door se hai"
To crush the truth you need lot of support and sound But....
Sportsmen are performing because of sports lovers like us.
Salman khan may not have competed but is an A level swimmer cyclist and weight lifter
The same industry which resurrected you from fading away in oblivion
Milkhaji it is not Bollywood it is the Indian Film Industry and that too the largest in the world.
Never been offered, if offered its a great honor. But will have to think cause of my age.
News "Salim Khan snubs BJP by refusing Rajya Sabha" is wrong.
"Art is nurtured in lonliness and exhibited in public". Bheed mein toh saya bhi juda ho jata hai.
Wanted to share with you words of the genius Charlie Chaplin.
"You need power only when you want to do something harmful. Otherwise love is enough to get everything done."
Keep it up! https://t.co/jmELvbPbMX
Hats off Anant Ambani. You've inspired millions. The genes of Dhirubhai Ambani. Looking fitter than Salman.
There should be a stronger penalty for bowling a no-ball as it can cost a match and break the hearts of millions of fans.
No ball! Run! Free hit! Six! Umpire gives immediate penalty but what about the captain and team management?
3/3: change is growth. Bharat Mata Ki Jai. -Luv, Salim Khan
2/3: Salaam Bhagwat Saab! Lot of people say with pride that they haven't changed. That means they are not growing.
1/3: Mohan Bhagwat has said we have to create an India so great that people will themselves say Bharat Mata Ki Jai.
