“Faith has nothing to do with belief,” writes Stephen Mitchell. “It’s the realization that what we can’t know is wiser than all our knowing.”
“Destroying a culture’s books,” writes Susan Orlean, “is sentencing it to something worse than death. It is sentencing it to seem as if it never lived."
A hope built on realism remains the greatest beauty of the human condition; a realism built on hope can be its greatest sorrow.
“Moral reform is the effort to throw off sleep”—Henry David Thoreau
What would it be like if more cities, like here in Paris, had streets named after both Rosa Parks and Ferdowsi? Let Tehran have a Thoreau Boulevard, and Washington D.C. an avenue named for Hafez!
The challenge that life set us, again and again: how look beyond our own wounds so as to love what is flawed and broken?
If Roger Federer never reaches a Wimbledon final again, the world will always remember him unruflled and elegant, all but peerless, even after nearly five hours on court, only a month short of his 38th birrhday. A model for us all.
Poetry was near-perfection at Wimbledon today, but prose, to the sorrow of most, got the job done as ever. A pyrric victory or a message to the wise?
The single most popular photo in the L.A. Central Library is of a 5 year-old elephant called “Bimbo” riding a surfboard.
“Ordinary people insist that they are unique,” writes Andrew Solomon, “while extraordinary people maintain that they are just like everyone else.”
“The monk,” wrote Thomas Merton, “is a bird who flies very fast without knowing where he is going.”
Newark, the United Airlines magazine recently informed us, unexpectedly, is “the last Puritan Utopia in America.”
We’re so confident we can remake the world tomorrow, even as the world is remaking us every second.
Anything that makes us think of ourselves as the center of the world—whether infatuation or Instagram—is the first step towards disaster.
Everything important takes place somewhere between the grubbiness of deals and the unreality of ideals.
The young wish so eagerly to make their mark upon the world; their elders wish only to let the world leave their mark upon them—in just the right way.
Since the world shows no signs of slowing down, it’s up to us to take the initiative.
Old World cultures fashion a future out of the ruins, the wisdom of the past; New World cultures prefer to start from scratch, as gods might rather than their victims.
Maybe this Fourth of July could be called "Interdependence Day"?
The fact we can’t cure life doesn’t mean we shouldn’t care for it.
Are we all hypocrites? Certainly the sins we rail against most passionately are the ones we’re trying to overcome ourselves.
“Oh, don’t wish,” says the anguished teenage boy in Where Reasons End. “Wishing only wounds the heart."
It’s only when we’re quiet that we can listen and only when we listen that we can learn. What keeps us trapped in our habits and our fixed ideas is, so often, speed.
“Let the one who seeks not stop seeking until he finds,” says The Gospel of Thomas. “And when he finds, he will be troubled; when he is troubled, he shall be astonished.”
A human being knows one important truth that a data-bank does not: that it’s often more useful to have three pieces of information than three thousand.
Saying yes to life is wonderful—so long as you remember that life will often say “Maybe” or even “No” in response.
A car-boot sale with ear-rings on sale for barely a pound in the garden of St. Donard’s Church, whose “Sunday six-bells” stirred something in the young Van Morrison, and reminded him of who he could be, if only he could clean the windows within as well as without.
In the gritty streets of Belfast, amidst contention, rage and beaten-down rows of red-brick houses, the scent and setting of Van Morrison’s unearthly transports, which find wonder in memory and beauty even in the glades near Hyndeford Street, with Cyprus Avenue down the road.
"When you lose yourself," said Brian Keenan, in Belfast on Saturday, of his five years as a hostage to terrorists in Beirut, "you find yourself in a richer, a more meaningful way."
“If you don’t transform your pain,” says Father Greg Boyle, “you’re just going to transmit it.”
The challenge of the American Dream is that it makes us feel we ought to be happier, richer, freer—or that we can be tomorrow--when life tends to move in less certain and simple ways.
“Do not be excessively righteous,” Ecclesiastes warns us. “Do not be overly wise.”
We live in the tyranny of the first-person singular, while paying constant lip-service to the democracy of the first-person plural.
Nothing lasts forever, so everything matters.
The young want so eagerly to become something; their elders long only to do something.
Perhaps social media is only as useful as its ability to shine a light on something other than its creator.
Driving a car is the perfect way to recall how freedom and mobility can so often deposit one nowhere but the stop marked “STRESS.”
“It is the best part of man,” Emerson noted, “that resists most against being a minister.”
“Everything that disappoints me is my friend”—Pablo d’Ors
Terra incognita is my favorite country.
That era that knows no sin should throw the first stone.
“People begin to exist," writes the bottomless Pablo d'Ors, "to the extent to which they stop dreaming of themselves."
“Man makes his own history,” Marx noted, “but he doesn’t make it out of conditions chosen by himself.”
When sick, we can barely remember what it is to be healthy--and vice versa. If it's so hard to empathize with even ourselves, in another state, how much harder (and more urgent) it is to jump the garden wall towards another!
“People want to get better,” a psychiatrist told Andrew Solomon, “but they don’t want to change.”
“I beseech you, Father,” cried Teresa of Avila, “let us all be mad!”
Perhaps all of us are only as strong as the people we are when silent?
Lessons from Japan, part 2: It’s by acknowledging death that we can best appreciate the beauty of life. It's the fact that things don't last that moves us to take no delight or wonder for granted.
Each of us has one home, where we come into the world; and a second, deeper, home where we come into ourselves.
So often we reflect on the passing of things, neglecting to observe that it’s usually we that pass, and things that stay.
I’m not sure Proust or Emily Dickinson would have shone on YouTube, or Virginia Woolf sparkled on a talk show. Which is precisely what makes them heroes, speakers of our inner lives--and messengers from that part of us which can barely put words to what moves us, our sustenance.
Those who prefer the known quantity over the unknown—the ever more intense culture war of right now—are implicitly choosing the past over the present. Reality may be otherwise inclined.
“To be interested in the changing seasons,” wise Santayana observed, “is a higher state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.”
Words can wound, but they seldom heal; it’s silence that more often heals or restores us.
Maybe prayer’s not so much about talking to what’s beyond us—or inside us—as listening?
Young, we’re so sure of a happy ending; older, we see that no ending need be sad.
Any time you forget the distance that still exists between cultures, talk to a call-center operator. The world is not and never will be homogeneous.
How find happiness in a world of loss? Perhaps by dwelling on what we have, and not on what we lack.
Might autumn be wiser and deeper than spring because it has the memory of spring (and summer) inside it? And might it be truer and subtler, as a season of transition, than endless summer?
The challenge for any convert is to see his new faith not as a love-affair, an infatuation, but as a family member, something he can see through daily.
Ping-pong and writing: ways to pass the time in agonized delight, but also ways to clear the head and be blessedly freed from all thought.
California’s complex destiny: to be the meeting place of Palestine and Hollywood
Feeling welcomed and feeling at home will never be the same thing; I’m welcomed in places where I’ll never feel a local, even as I feel entirely one with the culture where I’ll never be welcomed. Maybe life is nothing but a matter of looking past simplicities to truths?
“If not for the frivolous,” says a Ming Dynasty song, “how does one manage to reach the other shore of life?”
Danger lies less in pure ignorance than in the illusion of knowledge. Beware all second-hand information, and everything you read online or hear, in a wihsper, from a friend!
How better to desecrate the world around us and fail to see its beauties than by reducing it to 1s and 0s, or to blacks and whites?
The most essential questions can never be resolved—or disregarded. We have to hold them inside ourselves like candles that light us up even after the darkness falls.
The truth of the podcast and a world in which private and public are all over one another: the ultimate luxury today is not grandeur but intimacy. What we crave most is not vast acres of space, but of time.
Passing judgment on the world makes about as much sense as passing judgment on the passing clouds.
Tomorrow has never seemed so far from yesterday as right now.
How can we possibly make a fetish of suffering when suffering is the one thing that all humans share?
Life's friendly, stubborn challenge: how look past our own wounds in order to love what is flawed and broken all around us? How indeed to make those wounds the heart of that unconditional love?
True religion is less about affirming faith than about challenging it at every moment, since that's what life does.
The first lesson of Japan: it’s only when you close your mouth that you’re likely to open your heart.
“All things indecipherable felt as though they possessed an inner logic”—Yiyun Li, in her deep, wise and harrowing Where Reasons End.
Nothing we say is entirely true—since it and we change every moment—but that does not make it false. We live, we have to learn to live, in the space between fiction and non-fiction.
The imagination is no respecter of walls and has no time for boundaries; its job, its love is to leap over fences and find common ground, the you in me, the me in you. Is it any surprise that some of us trust it more than we do our political leaders?
The best way to be out-of-touch these days is by trying to keep up with the moment.
How can we be committed without being partisan? By looking beyond sides, perhaps, to the issues that unite us.
How gain a dimension in life, turning ourselves from 2-D icons on screen to 3-D human beings? Reading, writing, loving, praying.
What we hear in silence tells us that we never come close to truth than when posing the very best questions.
A Lesson from Leonard Cohen: we can afford to be serious about everything so long as we don't take ourselves--or anything--too seriously.
Our lives are moving so fast, and understanding comes so slowly. Might we be possibly out of sync?
Real life is what exists far behind the lives we think we’re living.
I check my messages once an hour and then wonder why I’m feeling so restless and distracted. If ten new messages are lying in wait for me, I feel burdened; if none at all, I’m crushed. We run from where our happiness lies and then ask ourselves whey we’re feeling confused.
So long as I’m staring at a tiny screen, how can I possibly see the larger picture?
The wonder of Chicago’s stalagmites, seen from 3000 feet on a shiningly blue spring afternoon: we take so much for granted every time we soar up into the heavens.
“The opposite of depression,” Andew Solomon notes, “is not happiness but vitality.”
The Meta-Story and a Sign of the Times: Peru's two-term president kills himself, Indonesia holds an election, the almost 30-year long leader of the Sudan is moved to prison--and the paper of record has, on its front page, an article about Fox News.
“Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared with love in dreams”—The Brothers Karamazov
“All thoughts and ideas distance us from ourselves,” notes the clear and wise Spaniard, Pablo d’Ors. “There is nothing so pernicious as an idea and nothing so liberating as reality.”
“Happiness is good for the body,” Proust observed, “but it is grief which develops the strengths of the mind.”
“I am tormented with an everlasting itch for things remote,” the greatest of explorers, inner and outer, Herman Melville wrote when young. “I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts
“Not in spite but because of our polyglot background, we have had all the strength in the world”—Ronald Reagan, August 10, 1988.
“The fool takes no delight in understanding; but rather in displaying what he thinks”—Proverbs 18:2.
“At the end of the day, no problem is more than an idea that I have about certain situations,” writes Pablo d'Ors, in Biography of a Silence.
“Sometimes the mother becomes the worst enemy because she can’t be the best friend”—Yiyun Li in her haunting and classic new book, a study of grief and loss and endurance, Where Reason Ends.
Will we call someone “wrong” or will we call him “different”? In the gap between them lies all the difference between war or peace.
Only after we begin to cut through the noise in our head are we in a position to cut through the noise in the world. Take care of the trickster mind and the rest takes care of itself.
The world is always more interesting—and unexpected—than any reports of the world can be.
“Every happy man,” said Chekhov (as often quoted by the great George Saunders), “should have an unhappy man in his closet with a hammer.”
“Keep in mind that what injures you is not people who are rude or aggressive, but your opinion that they are”—Epictetus, as rendered in the book "How to be Free."
Thinkers are just athletes by another name. Some can spin arguments or work codes as Michael Jordan can jump and Usain Bolt can run. None of that--alas, and of course--has anything to do with decency or basic humanity.
The road from the heart to the mind is long, as Proust poignantly cites (from Leibniz, he thinks).
How deftly we place ourselves behind bars—of assumption and received notion-- and then rail against our imprisonment!
“What makes us suffer,” Pablo d’Ors observes, “is our resistance to reality.”
All of us need discernment but few of us need judgment: the first points out a way, the second only shrinks the horizon.
“Meditation is not difficult,” Pablo d’Ors notes. “The difficult thing is wanting to meditate.”
In some parts of the world, fifty states of grey is a state of mind; in others, the title of a best-selling book. In the gap between them lies the plight of the planet right now.
Our neighbors, in any life, are called suffering, uncertainty and loss. Maybe the best way to survive is to get to know them all quite closely and come to friendly terms with them?
“Modern nationalism,” Kafka is reported to have said, in 1921 or so, was “a defensive movement against the crude encroachments of civilization.”
Labels are the petty barricades behind which we hide and keep ourselves from mystery, and all we cannot hope to know.
When young, we don’t always distinguish between friends and people we have fun with. Older, we see that those who give us a hard time may not perforce be our enemies.
“People begin to exist to the extent to which they stop dreaming of themselves"--Biography of Silence.
Training attention on a very small screen seems the perfect training in inattention.
My favorite country, Japan, has long been torn between China and the U.S.; now my favorite society, Canada, seems to be following suit.
The first American to fly a mission during World War 1 had his pet skunk in his co-pilot’s seat.
The hardest college to get into in the U.S. this year is the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia; the sixth hardest is Alice Lloyd College, in Pippa Passes, Kentucky. Both accept fewer than one student in every 12.
England’s most restless and imaginative movie-maker, Michael Winterbottom, after the delirious Trip movies, films based on Tristram Shandy and Hardy and 24 Hour Party People, now gives us yet another South Asian novelty, The Wedding Guest.  If only more were so independent!
W.S. Merwin's gift was not just to translate poetry from many great traditions of the world; it was to translate the ordinary into the quietly luminous, the forgotten into the felt, what came from the far side of the world to something very close to the heart.  Et in Arcadia ego.
We all share death, and one of its most luminous explorers, W.S. Merwin, crossed a threshold some hours ago. Read Garden Time if you want to see how old age brings back youth, how failing sight makes for vision and how, close to the end, one can enter a Garden again.
Is nationalism on the rise only because it's on the run?
“There are, strictly speaking, no enlightened people,” said Shunryu Suzuki. “Only enlightened actions.”
Religion is not religion if it offers only solace.
“Preaching is cheap,” noted Rowan Williams, onetime Archbishop of Canterbury, “if it fails to reach human beings at their darkest points.”
The only ones worth being sweet on—we all know—are the ones who can’t believe anyone would be sweet on them.
Alex Trebek announces his illness the very week that intelligence, poise, civility and quick-witted attentiveness--his signature skills--seems most to be deserting the public sphere. Long may be thrive!
“The Other is just us on a different day,” George Saunders reminded his fan, Stephen Colbert.
He is the smoothest and most nimble, urbane, fast-thinking presence on American television (being Canadian). Who is Alex Trebek?
It was a Hindu monk who urged Thomas Merton towards Catholicism.
“Attention,” Simone Weil noted, “is the rarest and purest form of generosity.” Is it any surprise, then, that the Age of Distraction seems also to be the Age of Detraction and Incivility?
“Both at sea and on land my point of view is English,” Conrad wrote. “from which the conclusion should not be drawn that I have become an Englishman.”
Message for listeners of public radio: false intimacy asks, “Whom do you love?” True intimacy asks, “What do you love?”
“The true problem,” writes Pablo d'Ors, the Spanish priest, “is that our problems are false.”
Watch the extended version of A Star is Born, being screened in cinemas this week only, and you realize: Lady Gaga offers the most wide-awake, unfeigned blend of innocence and authority since Bjork in Dancing in the Dark. She's so strong and so vulnerable, one can't look away.
One lesson to be derived from the unforgettable literary and spiritual masterpiece, Lincoln in the Bardo: ghosts are often real and our lives are often not.
“It’s not things in themselves that trouble people,” Epictetus, the former slave observed, “but their opinions about things.”
Everyone is trying to bully us into thinking in terms of us-and-them, black-and-white, this group and that other. Resist!
Any old culture--as any old person—knows that the opposite of a bad policy is not necessarily a good one. We live in the spaces between easy certainties.
Those most eager to talk are generally the ones with the least to say.
“History’s made at night,” says the wise woman in Ozu’s Early Spring.
We know it with people but we forget it with places: beauty is not an unmixed blessing.
If you believe that Singapore and Canada are two of the best-running societies on earth, perhaps it makes sense that the man who helped create modern Singapore, William Farquhar, is a direct ancestor of Justin Trudeau.
One of life’s harsher truths is that it’s the impulse to do good that creates so much of the harm in the world—even though the impulse to do nothing is no help at all.
We can only reasonably throw open all the doors and windows in our own home. That’s why being grounded strongly in one tradition is the only true way of appreciating every other.
I don’t need any more data; I need more time and space to sort out the data I have already.
“We suffer only because we think that things should be another way”—Biography of Silence
“Jesus himself is never upset at sinners,” Richard Rohr points out. “He’s only upset with people who don’t think they’re sinners.”
The lesson of the online world: the easier it is to find everything, the harder it is to find anything.
Is Alvin Kamara in truth just Naomi Osaka in drag?
“True life,” writes the Spanish priest Pablo d’Ors, “is located behind what we call life. Not traveling, not reading, not talking: not doing these things is almost always better than doing them when it comes to the discovery of life and peace.”
“Love’s a refuge more treacherous even than art”—Brad Leithauser, in his new novel, The Promise of Elsewhere
The great laureate of freedom, and “the ties that bind,” Mr. Springsteen, could only have been born in a New Jersey town called “Freehold.”
“You are your own obstacle”—Biography of Silence.
Our latest fictional miracle, after Lincoln in the Bardo and The Underground Railroad: Washington Black. Imagine a fresh Toni Morrison, writing with the confidence of Dickens, summoning beauty and magic and blood in a long ago language. Edugyan is an Old Master at a young age.
The curious challenge is that it’s only by living in the moment that we have the time and freedom to get a glimpse of eternity.
The best feature of a classical English education is that it teaches—encourages—you to do everything you can to escape classical England
“I greatly fear that when we speak,” writes Pablo d’Ors, “we tend to reject what we already have.”
“It’s things that move slowly,” says the brilliant and always wise theater director Peter Sellars, “that move us deeply.”
The simple, difficult truth of right now is that technology moves so much faster than our ability to think through consequences. We can invent things far more quickly than we can figure out their aftereffects.
Super Bowl Day Essay Question: Aaron Rodgers succeeded Bret Favre just as Barack Obama succeeded George W. Bush. Discuss.
An Englishman is only as good as his capacity for affirmation, as an American is only as strong as his capacity for discernment.
“I believe our myths are much more important to us than our truths,” the brilliant novelist Dennis Lehane said in Rancho Mirage, on January 30, 2019. “That’s what nations depend upon to govern their people.”
“Unless we become as rogues,’ observed Emily Dickinson, “we cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.”
“Be sick and tired of yesterday’s self”—Basho, as rendered by Jeff Robbins on basho4humanity.
The wisdom of old cultures is the wisdom of Job: we have to give our utmost even though none of it makes sense to us. The beauty of younger ones, perhaps, is that of the Song of Songs. Put the two together and you get...real life.
A broken heart, say the rabbis, is richer than a full one, because it still has room for the infinite.
Transcendence is essentially the opposite of escapism. One suggests turning away from real life; the other, finding the light and beauty within it.
He makes the divine sound so down-to-earth and the down-to-earth sound so divine, says my clever friend Alice, offering the best possible compliment to the deeply soulful and unflinching expert on death and dying, BJ Miller.
In honor of Jeopardy!, perhaps every tweet should be delivered in the form of a question. Viz:  Is it true that people who live in cities express their love and appreciation of nature more than those living in nature express their love of cities? And if so, is that a problem?
“The only true joy,” Merton noticed, “is to escape from the prison of our own selfhood.”
Which of us is at his best when in a desperate hurry? Yet hurry is the sickness we choose to bring on ourselves and then liberally share with everyone we meet.
Air Tahiti Nui offers spotless, moderm cabins, deliciously sweet service, all kinds o f extra goodies--and grace at every moment. No wonder it can't keep up with any American carrier.
“Inconvenience,” Greta Gerwig noted to Olivier Assayas, “is becoming a luxury item.”
Binge-watching the reality show the media is serving up to us these days feels like taking in a 16-hour soap opera (every day) and then wondering why we’re feeling so sated.
The Golden Age is now, or it is never. Every other Golden Age exists only in hope or memory, which is to say the mind.
“The more we become ourselves,” Proust was nimble enough to observe, “the more our family traits are accentuated.”
“In the Third Reich,” pronounced Hitler, “cruelty to animals should no longer exist.” His government prohibited the use of animals in films.
“Sorrow has no prospects,” Janouch quotes Kafka as saying, about the need to stay optimistic. “And all that matters is prospect, hope, going forward.”
The beauty of the online world is that it has given us (we hope) both opportunity and humility. But if we have just one without the other? Pure mayhem!
Lectio divine, or scriptural reading, inspires even if we believe in nothing more than “the holiness of the heart’s affections.” My holy reading for this New Year’s Day: U.S. Grant’s Memoirs, in Elizabeth Samet’s monumentally attentive new edition of the wise man's reflections.
“He’s a brass act. And he owns his own football team. And he thinks he should negotiate arms control against the Soviet Union.”—Vanity Fair, in including what Tina Brown calls the “sulky, Elvisy Donald Trump” in its 1984 Hall of Fame.
Alone in her room for twenty-six years, acutely sensitive to every passing gust or slant of light, in constant dialogue with the elements, Emily Dickinson knew: “The supernatural is only the natural disclosed."
As soon as we’re afraid, we lock the door. And as soon as the door is locked, we no longer encounter the world, the only thing that can put that fear to rest. Thus the world's strongest power moves ever farther from the world it aspires to rescue, and fear becomes its signature.
“Darkness, for me, is still light,” writes Jacques Lusseyran, blind at eight, “but in a new form and a new rhythm.”
“It’s people who complicate life,” as the executive says in Ozu’s Early Autumn.
The best present to give yourself this holiday season: a reading of the article "Shallow Graves," in this week's New Yorker, about post-ISIS justice in Iraq today. Few pieties will survive even the briefest encounter with this story.
“True life is located behind what we call life,” writes the wise priest Pablo d”Ors in his beautiful Biography of Silence. It's only when the waters are calm that you can see all the colors and jewels at the bottom of the ocean.
The complicated mathematics of the new global order: we share more and more, but that doesn't begin to meet what we don't share is reduced.
When young we laugh at the world because we’re so sure we’re on top of it; older, we laugh mostly at ourselves because we realize we don’t have a clue.
Having been stigmatized by Saudi Arabia this summer, Canada is now being punished by China. Could Justin Trudeau's country be eclipsing Kim Jong Un's as the most distrusted and dangerous in the world?
While Britain remains ever more violently divided over Brexit, the great anti-Brexit cry of joy, Paddington 2, enjoys the highest approval ratings for any film ever on Rotten Tomatoes, 100%.
The modern conundrum: The easier it is to find everything (online), the harder it is to find anything.
In 2007, thirteen rhinos were killed by poachers in South Africa, a journalist reports. This year so far 585 have been shot, perhaps because the affluent in Asia like sprinking rhino horn on their food to get high.
I so constantly, carefully make plans, even though all the big things in my life--good as well as bad—have come out of nowhere, entirely unplanned.
Happiness is nothing other than the blessed state of forgetting who or where—or when—you are.
The rare full-throated party animal who can bring one to tears, Bruce Springsteen is the last hero of an older America  where dreams cannot be turned away from. For the most intimate and heartfelt story of an American Life around, watch Springsteen on Broadway (now on Netflix).
What do we do without the sensation—the illusion—of forward movement? It's always so much harder to be the one seeing off a loved one at the airport than being the one taking to the air.
Love and like live in such different regions of our beings that, often, we can know much more about what we like than what we love.
Miracles, a wise (Californian Catholic) friend writes to me, “are only the moments when we open ourselves to the possible.”
