Complaint against CBI chief attempt to intimidate agency officers probing Rakesh Asthana's role in 6 cases: CBI to CVC.
Deal for procurement of 126 Rafale jets under UPA fell through as HAL did not have required capability to produce them: Nirmala Sitharaman @DefenceMinIndia
Mallya's brief conversation with Jaitley in a corridor of Parliament not of any merit, being "played up" by Cong: Sitharaman @DefenceMinIndia
Cong's demand of Arun Jaitley's resignation over meeting Vijay Mallya "motivated": Nirmala Sitharaman to PTI @DefenceMinIndia
It is one of the cleanest governments India has ever seen. We are making defence procurements without middlemen: Sitharaman @DefenceMinIndia
People have put a closure on Rafale as they have trust in PM Narendra Modi that he cannot be corrupt: Sitharaman @DefenceMinIndia
Dassault Aviation, makers of Rafale, felt the cost of jets will escalate significantly if they are produced in India: Sitharaman @DefenceMinIndia
Unprecedented intervention by then Def Min Antony when Rafale deal was being finalised was key reason why it did not go through: Sitharaman @DefenceMinIndia
Deal for procurement of 126 Rafale jets under UPA fell through as HAL did not have required capability to produce them: Nirmala Sitharaman. @DefenceMinIndia
Justice Ranjan Gogoi appointed Chief Justice of India: Law Ministry.
UIDAI says schools should not refuse admission for lack of #Aadhaar; terms such denials 'invalid': Circular.
CBI Director Alok Verma congratulates Harshita Tomar, daughter of agency's constable Rani Tomar, for winning bronze in Asian Games: officials
Two Indian military helicopters, sent as gift to #Maldives, likely to stay there along with crew for next few months after 'positive' talks between the two countries on their deployment in island nation: sources.
Lal ji Tandon to replace Satya Pal Malik as Bihar Governor: Rashtrapati Bhavan spokesman.
Satya Pal Malik appointed as new governor of Jammu and Kashmir: Rashtrapati Bhavan spokesman.
Govt has asked industrialists, business organisations to extend help to Kerala in dealing with flood situation: Union Minister Suresh Prabhu.
State funeral for A B #Vajpayee to be held in Delhi's Smriti Sthal; half day holiday on the day of funeral in all central govt offices.
Govt announces 7-day national mourning following demise of Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee has died:AIIMS.
Vajpayee's condition has worsened over past 24 hours: AIIMS authorities.
Former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee critical, on life support: AIIMS.
JNU student leader Umar Khalid attacked at the gate of Constitution Club on Rafi Marg, bullets fired: Police.
Pune ranked first, Navi Mumbai second and New Delhi 65 in Ease of Living Index launched by Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs.
Central govt has decided to accord state funeral to M Karunanidhi: MHA.
National flag to fly at half-mast tomorrow in Delhi, all state capitals and across Tamil Nadu as a mark of respect to M Karunanidhi: MHA.
PTI has not issued any story quoting Dr Subramanian Swamy @Swamy39
NHRC sends notice to Bihar govt, state police chief over alleged sexual exploitation of girls at a Muzaffarpur shelter home.
Special PMLA court summons Nirav Modi, Mehul Choksi on Sept 25 and 26 respectively under new fugitive economic offender law: Officials.
Over 1,600 passengers died on board trains in the past three years, says Minister of State for Railways Rajen Gohain in a written reply to a question in the Lok Sabha today.
Two more bodies pulled out rubble of collapsed buildings in Greater Noida; toll rises to five: Officials.
As many as 1,10,333 cases of rape registered in the country between 2014-16, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju says in a written reply in Rajya Sabha.
#MiG-21 fighter jet crashes in a village in Himachal Pradesh's Kangra district, killing an Indian Air Force pilot: officials.
Centre seeks report from West Bengal govt on tent collapse incident during PM Modi's rally: Officials.
Farooq Abdullah, 3 others charged under RPC sections related to criminal conspiracy and criminal breach of trust: Officials.
CBI chargesheets NC leader Farooq Abdullah, 3 others for alleged irregularities in J-K Cricket Association: Officials.
Journalist Upendra Rai arrested by CBI in fresh case of alleged corruption: Officials.
BSF chopper carrying top CRPF officials makes emergency landing in Aurangabad district of Bihar: officials.
CBI files charge sheet in #Unnao gangrape case; BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar named as accused: officials.
Over 25 students rushed to hospital after consuming #middaymeal in school in Delhi's Narela area: Hospital authorities.
India Meteorological Department forecasts  #monsoon rains over north and central India would pick up in next 4-5 days, even as heavy rainfall continues to hammer Goa and coastal Maharashtra.
Students can appear for NEET twice a year. Best score will be considered for admission: Javadekar.
NEET to be conducted in February and May every year: Javadekar.
NET to be conducted in December, JEE (Mains) in January and April every year: Javadekar.
National Testing Agency to conduct NEET, JEE, NET exams, currently being organised by CBSE: Javadekar.
At least 14 school children injured, some seriously, when their van collided with a truck in Shamli district: police.
Union Home Ministry asks states to take steps to prevent incidents of mob lynching fueled by rumours of child lifting: Officials.
Delhi BJP welcomes #SupremeCourt verdict on power tussle involving the office of LG and AAP government, and says the ruling party should now shun its "political demand" of full statehood to the city.
Downplaying AAP's victory proclamations over Supreme Court verdict, former Delhi CMi Sheila Dikshit says the ruling that LG is bound by government's advice was "not a vindication" for the party as "it has always been so".
Delhi CM Arvind #Kejriwal says the Supreme Court verdict on conflict between Delhi government and Centre is "big victory" for the people of the city and for democracy.
#SupremeCourt hands major victory to Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal in his bitter power tussle with Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal, ruling that the LG has no independent power to take decisions and is bound by elected government's advice.
Over-bridge at a railway station in #Mumbai's Andheri collapses during heavy rains; disrupting train services, injuring 5 people and putting the spotlight on the creaky infrastructure of the western metropolis.
Alleged mastermind of American Center attack in Kolkata Aftab Ansari convicted by a special CBI court in arms cache case.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh says #trolling of #Sushma Swaraj is wrong.
Punjab to recommend death penalty for drug peddlers and smugglers: Chief Minister  Amarinder Singh.
#CBI arrests chief engineer of Military Engineering Services, Kochi, and five others in alleged Rs 1.21 crore bribery case: officials.
Toll in bus accident in Uttarakhand's Pauri district rises to 48: police.
Bus falls into gorge in Uttarakhand's Pauri district, killing at least 40 and injuring over a dozen: police.
Three militants gunned down in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir; youth dies in clashes between stone-pelters and security personnel: official said.
Godikan village panchayat in Haryana's Sirsa district has adopted a resolution not to marry their daughters into families who do not have a #toilet in their house.
#Monsoon covers the entire country, 17 days ahead of its normal schedule: IMD.
SNB's official figures also do not include the money that Indians, NRIs or others might have in Swiss banks in the names of entities from different countries.
The funds, described by SNB as 'liabilities' of Swiss banks or 'amounts due to' their clients, are the official figures disclosed by the Swiss authorities and do not indicate about the exact quantum of black money.
Swiss banks' total foreign client money up marginally to CHF 1.46 trillion or over Rs 100 lakh crore; Funds from Pakistan down to CHF 1.1 bn.
Indians' money held directly in Swiss banks rise to CHF 999 mn; funds through fiduciaries also up at CHF 16 mn: Swiss central bank.
Money held by Indians in Swiss banks rise 50% to over CHF 1 bn or about Rs 7,000 cr: Switzerland's central bank data.
Amid tight security, first batch of nearly 3,000 pilgrims leave for the annual 60-day pilgrimage to the cave shrine of #Amarnath in south Kashmir Himalayas.
Passengers hold up Mumbai-Katra Swaraj Superfast Express at the Ambala Cantt railway station for nearly an hour over dirty coaches and toilets; force authorities to get the train cleaned.
All students of a government girls school in Hisar district fail to clear class 10 exam; locals blame it on lack of teachers for key subjects.
Lashkar-e-Taiba divisional commander Shakoor Dar among  two militants killed by security forces in Kulgam in south Kashmir: Police.
Lashkar-e-Taiba militant surrenders after encounter with security forces in Kulgam in south Kashmir: Police.
Two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants killed in encounter with security forces in Kulgam in south Kashmir: Police.
J-K Police kills three top Jaish-e-Mohammed militants including its operational commander in Tral encounter: Official
N N Vohra forwards report to #PresidentKovind for imposition of Governor's rule in J-K: Raj Bhawan spokesperson
Hope that muscular, militaristic policy does not come back under guise of governor's rule in J-K: #Congress leader #PChidambaram
#Delhi Chief Minister #ArvindKejriwal calls off nine-day sit-in: Dy CM #ManishSisodia
Opportunistic BJP-PDP alliance has set J-K on fire; the damage will continue under President's rule: #RahulGandhi
#Delhi LG writes to Chief Minister #ArvindKejriwal; asks him to urgently meet officers to address concerns of both sides through dialogue: #LG Office
I have told governor we will not go into any other alliance, says #MehboobaMufti after submitting resignation as CM.
We will continue to strive for dialogue and reconciliation in J-K, alliance with #BJP was not for power: #PDP leader #MehboobaMufti
We had always said muscular security policy will not work in J-K, reconciliation is key: #PDP leader #MehboobaMufti.
J-K Chief Minister #MehboobaMufti tenders her resignation to Governor N N Vohra: Officials.
No question of forming alliance with #PDP in J-K, says #Congress leader #GhulamNabiAzad
Wish #MehboobaMufti had gone with some dignity rather than having 'rug pulled under her feet', says NC's #OmarAbdullah.
NC leader #OmarAbdullah says not shocked by #BJP decision but timing has taken him by surprise.
NC leader #OmarAbdullah says his party favours governor's rule and early elections in J-K.
NC leader #OmarAbullah says: We did not have mandate in 2014 and we do not have mandate in 2018.
#NationalConference leader #OmarAbdullah rules out alliance with any party to form government in J-K.
ED files fresh charge sheet against Vijay Mallya, 2 firms in a money laundering case involving over Rs 6000-crore bank loans: Official.
Two militants killed in encounter with security forces in Bandipora district of Jammu and Kashmir: Army.
#ISRO clears for launch #GSAT-11, the satellite which was recalled from Kourou in French Guinea for thorough checks, after losing contact with another satellite that was launched from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh in March this year: official.
Centre decides not to extend suspension of operations in Jammu and Kashmir announced for Ramzan: #MHA.
#RisingKashmir editor #Shujaat Bukhari and PSO shot dead in Srinagar: Police.
Veteran journalist #Shujaat Bukhari attacked by unknown gunmen outside his office in Srinagar: Police.
Two #CRPF jawans go beyond call of duty and break Ramzan fast to donate blood to a woman suffering from cancer as part of the forces' 'madadgaar' initiative for people of  #Kashmir.
Air quality in #Delhi remains beyond "severe" level for 3rd day today; authorities warn that dusty conditions likely to prevail for another 3-4 days and advise people to avoid staying outdoors for long hours.
Army jawan abducted by militants from Pulwama district of south Kashmir, says police.
Private bus overturns in UP; 17 killed, 25 injured: official.
Four BSF personnel dead, three others injured as Pakistan Rangers violate ceasefire along IB in J&amp;K's Samba district: Police.
Two policemen guarding court complex in Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama district killed today in a militant attack: official.
Condition of former PM Atal Bihari #Vajpayee, who was admitted to #AIIMS in New Delhi with urinary tract infection, lower respiratory tract infection and kidney issues, is stable, says the hospital.
@MinhazMerchant  This is a foreign news agency story. TOI has wrongly attributed it to PTI. TOI has corrected it, pls see. https://t.co/3Q8oh8VXG1
@MinhazMerchant This is a foreign news agency story. TOI has wrongly attributed it to PTI. TOI has corrected it, pls see.
Security forces arrest two Hizbul Mujahideen militants in Rajouri:Police.
Inspirational captain #SunilChhetri scored a brace to put himself on par with Lionel Messi and lead Indian team to #Intercontinental Cup title triumph with a 2-0 win over Kenya.
Army foils infiltration bid along #LoC in Keran sector of Jammu and Kashmir killing six militants: official.
Pakistan should take India's help if it cannot control terrorism on its soil: Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
#CBSE declares the results for #NEET-- the entrance examination for admission to medical and dental colleges across the country.
Terrorists hurl grenade at security forces in Shopian in J&amp;K; at least two persons injured: Police.
Two #BSF personnel, including an officer, killed as Pak Rangers target Indian posts along the border with mortars and firing, a violation which comes nearly a week after DGMOs of both countries agreed to implement the ceasefire pact of 2003.
RLD's Tabassum Hasan wins #Kairana Lok Sabha bypoll, defeating BJP rival Mriganka Singh by 44,618 votes.
BJP retains Tharali Assembly seat in Uttarakhand. #bypoll
Congress' Hardev Singh Ladi wins Shahkot assembly #bypoll in Punjab, defeats Akali nominee Naib Singh Kohar by 38,801 votes: poll officials.
Militants carry out two grenade attacks in Pulwama district
; no casualties: J&amp;K police spokesperson.
CBI carries out searches at the residence of Delhi minister Satyendar Jain in connection with hiring of consultants in PWD: Officials.
India's Ambassador to Russia Pankaj Saran will be the new Deputy National Security Advisor: Govt order.
CBI carrying out searches at six locations in Delhi, Mumbai and Bengaluru: Officials. 2/2
#CBI books Group CEO Air Asia Tony Fernandes, others for alleged violation of norms in getting international flying licenses: Officials. 1/2
Southwest #monsoon hits #Kerala, three days before its scheduled arrival: IMD.
#UnionCabinet approves proposal to treat #homebuyers as financial creditors when a loan defaulter company is auctioned, a move that will help quickly recover investments in bankrupt real-estate companies.
PM Modi not bigger than India, Supreme Court; hope BJP, RSS learn lesson: #RahulGandhi after #BSYeddyurappa's resignation as K'taka CM
PM authorised buying off MLAs. He talks of fighting corruption, but he is corruption: #RahulGandhi
PM @narendramodi and BJP chief #AmitShah do not respect any institution: #RahulGandhi
People saw how BJP MLAs left the House before national anthem was played. It shows they don't respect institutions: #RahulGandhi
We are not in hurry. We are waiting for invitation from Guv, says JDS leader #HDKumaraswamy on govt formation in #Karnataka PTI
Union Environment Ministry has asked schools to stop use of plastics in their premises and constituted 19 teams to undertake cleaning of 24 beaches and as many riverfronts and lakes across the country. #World Environment Day
Senior PWD official JK Srivastav replaces Mittal as new MD of UP State Bridge Corporation: Dy CM Maurya.
UP State Bridge Corporation MD Rajan Mittal removed in wake of #Varanasi flyover collapse: Dy CM
 Keshav Prasad Maurya.
#Indore emerges as cleanest city followed by Bhopal and Chandigarh: Govt #cleanliness survey.
JK Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti and opposition NC leader Omar Abdullah welcome Centre's decision to not launch any security operations in the state during #Ramzan.
Security forces reserve the right to retaliate if attacked or if essential to protect the lives of innocent people: #MHA.
Union Home Minister has informed the chief minister of J-K of #Centre's decision to halt security operations during Ramzan: MHA.
Decision not to launch operations taken to help peace loving Muslims observe #Ramzan in peaceful environment: #MHA.
#Centre asks security forces not to launch operations in #JammuandKashmir during #Ramzan: MHA.
Death toll in #Varanasi flyover collapse 12; bus, other vehicles feared buried under rubble:   Official.
UP CM Adityanath sets up 3-member committee to probe #Varanasi flyover collapse: Official. PTI ABN SMI
Under construction flyover collapses in Varanasi, deaths feared: Police.
A policeman was killed in a militant attack at Bijbehara town in Anantnag district of Jammu and Kashmir today, an official said.
Piyush Goyal given additional charge of #Finance and Corporate Affairs ministries temporarily.
Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore to be the new I-B minister in #Cabinet reshuffle effected by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
#UnionMinister Smriti Irani divested of Information and Broadcasting portfolio: sources.
Billionaire jeweller #NiravModi, Allahabad Bank MD and CEO Usha Ananthasubramanian among 22 charge-sheeted in connection with financial scam worth over USD 2 billion in Punjab National Bank (PNB): #CBI sources.
A Kochi court convicts 18 people, including founder member of banned #SIMI, Safdar Nagori, for being members of a terrorist organisation in a case related to the organising of an arms training camp in Kerala in 2007.
Centre seeks report from #WestBengal govt on violence during #Panchayat polls: Home Ministry.
As many as 71 people died in five states, including 42 in #UP, due to lightning and #thunderstorms since yesterday: Union Home Ministry.
#Thunderstorms, #lightning kill 18 in UP, 12 in West Bengal, 9 in Andhra Pradesh &amp; 2 in Delhi:  Officials. PTI SC GVS
41 killed, scores injured in dust #storms &amp; #thunderstorms in UP, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh &amp; Delhi: Officials. PTI SC GVS
Over 40 flights diverted at #Delhiairport due to #duststorm
: sources.
#ICSE class 10 and #ISC class 12 exam results to be announced tomorrow: official.
Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman dubs as “serious disclosure” Pakistan’s ousted PM Nawaz Sharif's acknowledgement that militant organisations were active in his country; says it proves India’s position that #26/11 handlers were in Pak.
New Delhi Municipal Council announces e-auction of 3 of its premium hotels in Lutyen's Delhi, including the iconic #TajMansingh, for a period of 33 years: #NDMC official.
#Army Chief General Bipin Rawat will leave for Sri Lanka on a four-day visit tomorrow to boost cooperation between ground forces of the two countries: official statement.
#Marxism is based on "concrete analysis of concrete conditions" and a true believer of the philosophy analyses situations and adapts to changing conditions: #CPI(M) general secretary Sitaram Yechury.
#Air India recorded 20 pc growth in revenue in March-April 2018 and has embarked on a route analysis exercise, focussing on increasing flying hours of each aircraft to add more trips: CMD Pradeep Singh Kharola.
#Duststorm accompanied by squall hits national capital #Delhi.
#Thunderstorm and dust storm with wind speeds of up to 70 kmph "very likely" tomorrow in 26  distts of #UP: MeT officials.
#Dogs maul 12-year-old girl to death in a village in #Sitapur, taking the toll in fatal attacks by feral hounds in last 6 months in the distt to 13: police.
@sanjayswadesh @BjpBiplab @PradyotManikya @PMOIndia @AmitShah @smritiirani @rammadhavbjp @amitmalviya @RussellSinha note that you tweeted an earlier letter to PTI on CM's comments on Buddha but conveniently did not include PTI’s rejoinder standing by its report. @PMOIndia @AmitShah @smritiirani @rammadhavbjp @amitmalviya @BjpBiplab (3/3)
@russellsinha @PradyotManikya @BjpBiplab @PriyankaDebBarm @ANI @RussellSinha note that you tweeted an earlier letter to PTI on CM's comments on Buddha but conveniently did not include PTI’s rejoinder standing by its report. @BjpBiplab @rammadhavbjp @Sunil_Deodhar (3/3)
@russellsinha @PradyotManikya @BjpBiplab @PriyankaDebBarm @ANI @PTI_News stands by its report in which Tripura CM claimed that Tagore returned the Nobel Prize in protest against the British. @BjpBiplab @rammadhavbjp @Sunil_Deodhar (2/3)
@russellsinha @PradyotManikya @BjpBiplab @PriyankaDebBarm @ANI @PTI_News strongly rejects suggestions that it manipulated content. We stand by our report quoting Mr Pradyot and maintain there is no inaccuracy. @BjpBiplab @rammadhavbjp @Sunil_Deodhar (1/3)
@sanjayswadesh @BjpBiplab @PradyotManikya @PMOIndia @AmitShah @smritiirani @rammadhavbjp @amitmalviya PTI stands by its report in which Tripura CM claimed that Tagore returned the Nobel Prize in protest against the British. @PMOIndia @AmitShah @smritiirani @rammadhavbjp @amitmalviya @BjpBiplab (2/3)
@sanjayswadesh @BjpBiplab @PradyotManikya @PMOIndia @AmitShah @smritiirani @rammadhavbjp @amitmalviya @PTI_News strongly rejects suggestions it manipulated content. PTI also stands by its report quoting Mr Pradyot and maintain there is no inaccuracy. @PMOIndia @AmitShah @smritiirani @rammadhavbjp @amitmalviya @BjpBiplab (1/3)
RPF Constable K Shivaji, who saved a woman from being sexually abused inside a moving #train, will be decorated with #Railway Minister’s Medal and cash prize of Rs 1 lakh: official statement.
#President Ram Nath Kovind visits #Army base camp in #Siachen, the world’s highest battlefield, and expresses gratitude to soldiers posted there.
Army jawan allegedly commits suicide by shooting himself with service rifle in Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir: police.
SC asks state poll panel to ensure free and fair #panchayat elections on May 14 in #WestBengal.
SC asks #WB State Election Commission not to declare results of those candidates who have won unopposed in #panchayat polls.
SC stays Calcutta HC order asking #WB State Election Commission to accept nominations filed through e-mails for #panchayat polls.
Toll in last night's #storm in parts of #UP rises to 16; 27 injured: Officials.
Thunderstorm in UP kills nine people: officials.
The Enforcement Directorate has attached assets worth Rs 14.48 crore of Yadav Singh, former chief engineer of Noida and Greater Noida in UP, in connection with a #moneylaundering case: #ED statement.
#CBI books 40 people, including an army havildar  posted at the headquarters recruiting zone, Lucknow, for allegedly facilitating recruitment of 34 candidates in the force on the basis of forged documents: officials.
#AirIndia likely to start a direct flight from Mumbai to Frankfurt from June: official sources.
Nearly 1.5 lakh security personnel, including over 50,000 from central paramilitary forces, to be deployed during Karnataka Assembly elections on May 12 to ensure free and fair polls: officials.
To promote electric vehicles in India, government has approved green licence plates bearing numbers in white fonts for private e-vehicles and yellow for taxis: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari.
Two BSF personnel killed in IED blast outside their camp in Imphal, Manipur: Officials.
First-ever survey on a 185-km stretch of river Beas estimates population of endangered Indus dolphins to be between 5 and 11, indicating no decline in their numbers: WWF-India statement.
Enforcement Directorate (#ED) registers money laundering case against Kerala-based outfit #PFI: Officials.
#Railways slap a Rs one lakh fine on a contractor after video surfaced showing catering staff using toilet of a coach of the Nizamuddin-bound Garib Rath express for storing water bottles: official statement.
#IncomeTax Department has unearthed over Rs 100 crore of #blackmoney and undisclosed income after raids on some major catering and pandal (tent) operators in national capital region over the weekend: official.
Nearly every second boy who appeared for Class 10 exam, conducted by the Punjab School Education Board (PSEB) this year flunked, while girls fared better with 69.13 per cent of them passing.
Thunderstorms and lightning on May 2-3 killed at least 134 people and injured over 400 in 5 states, including the hardest-hit UP: Home Ministry.
Tourist from Tamil Nadu, hit by a stone during clashes between protesters and security forces on the outskirts of Srinagar, dies at a hospital: police.
Arrested Pakistani terrorist Zabiullah tells NIA he entered India to carry out "large scale attacks" on security forces: NIA statement.
Thunderstorm accompanied by squall and hail likely to lash parts of northern and eastern India besides isolated places in the south tomorrow with winds gusting up to 50-70 kmph: IMD.
Samajwadi Party declares Naeemul Hasan as its candidate for the Noorpur assembly bypoll in UP: party spokesperson.
After around two years, UPA chairperson #Sonia Gandhi will hit campaign trail in #Karnataka and address a rally in Bijapur tomorrow: Congress sources.
Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha gets another extension of one year: Official order.
Election Commission-appointed surveillance teams have so far seized suspect cash, jewellery and other inducements worth over Rs 125 crore in poll-bound Karnataka, according to official data.
CRPF jawan injured in grenade attack by militants in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir: Police.
Journalist Upendra Rai, arrested for alleged involvement in dubious financial transactions, to remain in CBI custody for two more days as a Delhi court extends his remand.
Assailants open fire inside court complex in Bhiwani district in a failed bid to free a kidnapping accused; kill a head constable: Haryana Police.
Nineteen students injured when their school bus was hit by another bus on Jaipur-Delhi National Highway: police.
Govt would construct edu institutions, skill development centres, community centres, hospitals etc on waqf properties "for the first time" under Pradhan Mantri Jan Vikas Karykram (PMJVK): Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi.
The UP Police under Yogi Adityanath's chief ministership has killed 50 dreaded criminals in over 1,400 encounters in the past over one year, say officials.
Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services has developed a model to predict how far #tsunami waves may travel after violating natural boundaries: #INCOIS Director SSC Shenoi.
#UPSC releases marks of candidates who cleared #civilservices 2017 exam. First-rank holder, Durishetty Anudeep, scored 55.60 per cent.
Five Hizbul Mujahideen terrorists killed in an encounter in Shopian district of Jammu and Kashmir; 5 protesters also die in clashes with law enforcing agencies: police.
Senior IAS officer Rakesh Kumar Gupta of Jammu and Kashmir cadre appointed Secretary, Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), as part of a bureaucratic reshuffle effected by the Centre.
CM Yogi Adityanath directs officers to personally 
monitor relief work, provide medical aid to affected; warns no laxity will be tolerated.
