@ianuragthakur Hearty Congratulations to you Anuragji. Feel happy and proud that one of our colleagues is a part of the Government of India as Minister of State. God bless you.
@arunjaitley Dear Jaitleyji,
Please take care of your health and I am sure this break will help you to recover and at the same time BJP will get the benefit of your advise from time to time.
Prof. Shetty
Great finish to yet another edition of IPL. MI have beaten CSK by a run to win the title for the fourth time. MI continue with their tendency to win the title every alternate year. MI won in 2017 and 2019 at the same venue by a run. The team to watch out in years to come is DC
Congratulations to our friend Air Marshal Baladitya https://t.co/sUN9kL631p
RT @DevCricketDost: THE TRAIL OF CRICKET'S HOLY GRAIL, my book on the upcoming World Cup and its eleven predecessors, will hit the shelves…
Congratulations to the Vidarbha team for successfully defending the Ranji Championship.
Even as the Hindustan Times reporter was calculating the strike rate in the first match, MSD ever so cool went on to finish the next two matches in his own style to help India win the ODI series.
Let us put our hands together for former India player Wasim Jaffer who at 40 still plays in the Ranji Trophy Championship. Wasim has just got a double hundred in the ongoing Ranji Quarter final  and is closing in on an aggregate of 1000 runs this season.
Well done Wasim.
Congratulations Team India. Virat the run machine sets up the chase and Dhoni the finisher is back in business.
It is sad that MCA did not qualify for the knock out but more important is that we take corrective measures for future. I personally feel that Vengsarkar, Sachin,Milind Rege should sit with Chairman of CIC and the Chairman senior selection committee and discuss the way forward.
It is time the BCCI decides to take corrective steps for cricketers who talk rubbish on public platforms. Hardik Pandya was a disgrace to the cricket community the way he spoke on Koffeewith Karan show. He has insulted the women and also made a racist remark.
Proud of you team India https://t.co/fWTeQX5BzP
Hearty Congratulations to Virat Kohli and his team for winning the series 2-1 the first even series win by an Indian team in Australia. This series was largely about Pujara’s defiant knocks, Risabh Pant and the fast bowers particularly Bumrah.
@CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice Actions like these will keep the force motivated as their work is being appreciated and recognised
Dronacharya Ramakant Acharekar is no more. He gave the cricket world a number of outstanding cricketers including Sachin the god of cricket.
May his soul rest in eternal peace.
Great effort from Team India to take a 2-1 lead in the series. The Indian bowlers particularly the pace bowlers have been relentless on foreign soil repeatedly getting 20 wickets in a match in the last one year or so. Good end to the 2018 year.
Happy and Proud to be associated with Dream11 initiative to support sports stars of tomorrow. Go Sports Foundation as their partner will ensure proper selection of athletes and follow up of their training and performance.
@D11_Foundation @IFSG_Foundation
@GoSportsVoices
A good absorbing Test Match. At last we have won the first test match of a series in Australia. The Indian bowlers have yet again proved their capability of taking 20 wickets in a match overseas. Well done team India.
Feel extremely sad with what is going on with women’s cricket.
Having been associated with women’s cricket since 2006, I thought our team’s performance in ICC CWC 2017 raised the bar for women’s cricket in India. The girls did well yet a lot of negativity is being generated.
Sachin dedicated the Test Match win against England at Chennai to the martyrs who laid down their lives protecting us. BCCI too did their bit with financial help to the families of those who sacrificed their lives. https://t.co/H4moKqvxVa
The Nation celebrates the achievement of Mary Kom winning the boxing world championship for the sixth time. She has displayed exemplary commitment and hard work and made Indians proud. https://t.co/Dz9VdODCjI
Let us all celebrate the achievement of Mary Kom who won the world championship for the sixth time. It speaks for her commitment and hard work to the sport she loves. https://t.co/UTlykBTRxI
Unfortunate that our girls lost the semi final match. The team had a number of youngsters who I am sure will learn from this big experience of playing in the World Cup. BCCI has to put plans in place for greater exposure through A team tours.
Congratulations team India for an excellent all round performance beating Australia and finishing at the top of the league table. This win will motivate the team to do well in the semifinal because we played like a champion side.
A brilliant knock from Harmanpreet and her partnership with Jemimah helped put a winning score. Good start to the World Cup for India.
Spent some quality time at the Diwali celebrations for the cancer affected patients at the Tata Memorial Hospital,particularly touched by the enthusiasm of the small kids.          Happy Diwali and a prosperous new year to all my friends.
@Statsdilip @BCCI @mohanstatsman @cricketaakash @MayantiLanger_B These achievements of the Vidharbha teams are mainly due to the long term development plans of the VCA through their academy.
Our Women’ team has landed in West Indies to play in the ICC World T20 championship.
Let us all support our girls and follow the Indian Team’s performance at the World Cup.
Hats off to Virat for his consistency of scoring runs and becoming the fastest to reach 10000 runs in ODI cricket. At a function organised by Ambani’s to celebrate 100 centuries, Sachin had said either Virat or Rohit could break his record. Virat seems to be heading towards that.
@adu97 Well played Aditya. It is always a pleasure to see Mumbai do well
Congratulations to the Mumbai team for winning the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Adversity always gets the best out of Mumbai cricketers. This season started with selectors coming under fire and there is uncertainty on who is in charge of MCA.
@UberINSupport it has been 3 weeks that I am struggling with my payment mode and cannot book an Uber. The payment for one of the trips is not being processed, despite paying cash to the next driver. Have had several phone calls with your staff and zero solutions.
@Haritjoshi How can you call it dropped? He was in the multinday games in Sri Lanka
One of the tallest political figures of India Bharat Ratna Atal Bihari Vajpayee is no more. He was loved and respected across political lines. My memory of former Prime Minister was the Indian team’s tour to Pakistan in 2004. Khel Jeeto aur Dil bi Jeeto was his message to Saurav.
Very sad to hear that Ajit Wadekar is no more. A successful Indian Captain, a very popular coach of the Indian team and a cricket administrator. He also served as Chairman of Selectors. May his soul rest in eternal peace.
Hats off to Virat for leading a great fight back in trying conditions. His focus and intent to stay around and score runs is outstanding.
@gauravkalra75 @rameshsrivats Strange ICC did not find a photograph of Rahul Dravid.
Read an article in TOI of players meeting MCA officials and expressing their choice of a Coach for Ranji Trophy.
I am surprised with this because it should have been the members of the CIC( hope it exists) who should meet the players and discuss the way forward for next season.
Congratulations to Afghanistan Cricket Board on their debut Test Match. BCCI has played a major role in helping the cause of Afghanistan Cricket by providing a dedicated venue to practice and play their international matches as a part of India’s commitment to Afghanistan.
Congratulations to the BCCI-IPL team for successfully hosting the eleventh edition of the IPL. It was great to see CSK make a comeback to IPL with a convincing win in the final. Star Sports lived up to the expectations.
Congratulations to the IPL team for the one off women’s match yesterday. This will surely help in starting a full fledged league for women and help BCCI popularise Women’s Cricket.
RT @BJP4India: LIVE : PM @narendramodi addresses public meeting in Bangarapet, Karnataka. #BJP4BetterKarnataka https://t.co/MuAkeuuNoV
Congratulations Devendra for this book on Sachin.
@DevCricketDost https://t.co/zDwMv948QR
@Haritjoshi What a shame that a team which won the Rohinton Baria Trophy regularly had only nine players for an inter varsity match.
Amazed at the ICC response to the Aussie ball tampering. Why did the ICC CEO have to raise the charge?
The Umpires are supposed to raise the charge and Match Referee takes action as per rules after enquiry. Can we have the match referee’s findings?
Hearty Congratulations to our Women’s team for a fabulous performance winning the ODI and T20 series in South Africa.
They come back and take on Australia and England.
Congratulations Team India for the ODI series win against South Africa. One of the best series win’s abroad.
Virat has demonstrated that his team hates to lose and that they are worthy of the top position in world cricket.
Hearty Congratulations to Jhulan Goswami for becoming the first women cricketer to take 200 ODI wickets. She has served Indian Cricket with distinction and has been a true ambassador of the game.
RT @DDNewsLive: Lok Sabha congratulates India Under-19 cricket team for their World Cup victory in New Zealand #U19CWC #BudgetSession 

@BC…
Hearty Congratulations to the India under-19 team for winning the ICC World Cup. This is our fourth win and the most emphatic. Our boys dominated the tournament through out. Rahul Dravid,the support staff as also the BCCI deserves kudos.
Hearty Congratulations to Mahi on being nominated for the Padma Bhushan. He richly deserves this award for being a perfect ambassador of the game and Indian Cricket in particular.
The New Year starts with a new Ranji Champion. Congratulations to the Vidharbha Team for an emphatic win in the final.
This only proves that the BCCI’s Domestic Cricket structure is good and competitive.
We are happy and proud with the performance of our men and women cricketers who justified the fan following for Cricket.
Let us pray for the success of our teams in 2018.
Two World Cup events in 2018 Under-19 boys and Women’s T20.
Congratulations Mithali and Ekta for being named in the ICC Women’s ODI team of the year.
Great to see Vidharbha CA qualify for their maiden Ranji Final after defeating formidable Karnataka side in the Ranji Semifinals. Happy to see Gujarat,Vidharbha,Kerala,Jharkhandmaking their presence felt in Ranji Trophy.
Wishing all my friends happy diwali and a prosperous new year.
I wish the Indian Team all the very best as they play in the FIFA under-17 World Cup hosted by India. Great moment for Indian football.
24th September was a memorable day for Indian Cricket. Our boys won the T20 World Cup which was a perfect launch pad for IPL.
West Indies beating England and Bangladesh beating Australia augurs well for Test Cricket and its popularity.
@BuddhaartM Hi Manish how are you
Proud to be an Indian. Happy Independence Day. Let us pledge our support to Modiji's call for a new India.
Hats off to our Prime Minister to not only host the Women's Cricket team at his residence but also to talk about them in Mann Ki Baat.
Feel good for the girls for playing some good cricket through out the tournament. Happy that the girls and the support staff are rewarded.
Hearty Congratulations to Jhulan Goswami for becoming the highest wicket taker in the ODIs in world cricket.
Great start to the 10th edition of the IPL.  iPL attracts huge attendance at stadia and even larger following on TV and digital platform.
Hearty Congratulations to Virat and Team India for the series win. Our boys played some exciting cricket in the decider.
RT @BJPLive: .@BJP4India LIVE on #Periscope PM Shri @narendraModi &amp; Shri @AmitShah at Swearing-in Cerem… https://t.co/8ENoNnOj8k
Hearty Congratulations to the Indian Team for retaining the World Cup in the World T20 Championship for the blind.
Congratulations to Virat and his boys for a clean sweep. The Indian Team played like champions in all the three formats.
Yuvi spoke about Dhoni-Yuvi partnership during the warm up game at CCI and at Cuttack they translated that into reality. Great to watch.
Great win for team India. Fantastic run chase lead by Virat and Kedar. This team reflects the temperament of the Youth of our country.
It was nice to see a full house for a warm up match at CCI. People were there to see Mahi who was leading the A team.
https://t.co/5VOZfcYEcg
Hearty Congratulations to our Junior Boys for winning the Youth Asia Cup in Colombo. Indeed a proud moment for BCCI.
Great gesture by Kohli to invite all those who played during the series for the team photo and dinner. Ajju,Sami,Saha and Hardik were there.
Hearty Congratulations Team India for some outstanding cricket in this series. You deserve to be at the top of the ICC rankings.
Hearty Congratulations to the Indian Hockey Team for winning the Junior World Cup. Good days for Indian Hockey.
Hearty Congratulations to the Indian Team on an outstanding team effort to win the series. They just outclassed England.
Hearty Congratulations to the Women's team for winning the Asia Cup T20 Championship convincingly.
Citizens are fully with the PM's resolve to fight corruption but the government has not done its home work hence the chaos since one week.
The Bank Staff have worked beyond working hours in the last three days to help citizens in banking transactions. They need to be applauded.
While the Prime Minster's intention was good the Banks were not prepared for the implementation thus causing hardships to common man.
Hats off to our Prime Minister for this bold initiative to ban 500 and 1000 rupee notes. Let us support the government.
Happy Diwali and a prosperous New Year to my friends. The Indian team with the Test and ODI series win has certainly made it brighter.
Congratulations to the Indian team winning the Kabaddi World Cup. Star Sports deserves kudos for making the Indian game popular.
Great performance by team India. We are the number one team in Tests. A good team effort in this series.
It is sad to see the politicians engaging in dirty politics over the surgical strikes.
Let us be united for the sake of our brave soldiers.
@anilkumble1074 @BCCI well done team India on a clinical finish. Congratulations to Ashwin for his outstanding performance.
@CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice let us salute the exemplary work out in by our Mumbai police yesterday.
@CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice @DevenBhartiIPS @SanjayRautUvach congratulations for this initiative they need this encouragement.
@CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice @DevenBhartiIPS @SanjayRautUvach
@PMOIndia I hope that the task force will include eminent sportsmen who brought laurels to our nation.
@PMOIndia happy that the Prime Minister has decided to set up a task force for Sports.
@BCCI congrats Ashwin
