President Trump begins selling vials of his bath water in 2020 fundraising ploy: "If Belle Delphine can do it, why can't I?"
Roy Moore responds to allegations of pedophilia: "Why are the libs so triggered about this when SEX MONSTER Bill Clinton is still married to FORMER TEEN Hillary Clinton?"
In surprise move on Twitter last night, Donald Trump congratulated the first white guy picked in the NBA draft: “Great decision for the Miami Heat at pick no. 13. This kid has got great potential and an even better complexion.”
In recent slip-up Trump admits gaps in geographical knowledge: “I thought Venezuela was Spanish for Iran.”
In wake of recent scandal, Biden doubles down: "A few cross burnings never hurt no one."
2020 Democratic presidential contender Hickenlooper takes shot at opponent Sanders as socialist ideolog. Sanders responds, "Wait, who are you?"
Airstrike on US ground troops in Iraq has some Bolton blaming Iran. Footage found here: https://t.co/IM0wqjo62y
Democratic presidential contender Andrew Yang under fire after allegedly breaking into a synagogue during worship and yelling, "please give me your money I need that money my campaign has no money please give me that money I want that money"
New clause in China's one child policy forces parents of twins to choose their favorite and, in ancient custom, throw the other off a mountain
RT @JshiffyDFS: KD looking over that Knicks contract. @TheKnicksWall @WorldWideWob @jphanned https://t.co/70GO8ma6RX
RT @jdcivicscience: Ladies and Gentlemen: The saddest and funniest testament to American bigotry we've ever seen in our data. https://t.co/…
Hawley unhinges in new interview with Maggi Haberman: “Graham is lying. The whole thing is faked. Romney framed us.”
FiveThirtyEight rates Sen. Graham's seat in South Carolina a toss up as fighting between him and Hawley causes a surge in polls for his opponent. Loses endorsements from major donors in South Carolina.
FBI: "We've apprehended an individual attempting to infiltrate Sen. Grassley's D.C. offices, connected to the threats that he has been receiving. Possible link to Sen. Collins."
Hawley: I deny everything. Graham was in on it too.
New leak from F.B.I suggests that Sen. Hawley had looked into acts of violence before being talked out of it by Lindsay Graham. No official steps have been taken for prosecution.
The Curse of the Bugs: Recording devices found in Mitt Romney campaign HQ, while live mosquitos were released overnight in Gillibrand's field offices. Both incidents linked to Senators Graham and Hawley.
Gillibrand's #EndtheEC Twitter campaign takes off, but some critics on the right mock her with #EndtheKG.
Bernie Sanders announces endorsement of @SenGillibrand
Post Trump pee-tape poll: Gillibrand 49%, Trump 39%, Romney 10%, Shultz 2%
Gardner endorses and donates half a million to Trump
Lindsay Graham: Gillibrand's denouncement of protest "shows how Dems disregard coal miners and use them to further their agenda."
Romney gets endorsement from Rand Paul, Blue Dog Dems in Senate.
New in opinion pages: Mark Warner: Shelby murder is reprehensible but we still must seek bi-partisan action
Gillibrand: Denounces protest IF it was paid for and not legitimate.
Maga hat-wearing protesters call for return of coal plants to US outside of Gillibrand's office. One protestor who asked to be quoted anonymously claims to have been paid by two Republican Senators to be there.
Cramer: Claims his donation to Trump was just a donation, NOT endorsement.
As does Hawley
Harris and Bennet endorse Gillibrand.
Graham, Cramer endorse Trump.
Gillibrand gets Warren's endorsement
Correction: "She has not brought up ~the issue of gun violence~ up in the Constitutional Convention at all."
Cramer: "While @SenGillibrand was holding a memorial, she has not brought up the Constitutional Convention."
Kirsten Gillibrand wins Democratic Presidential Nomination, Incumbent Donald Trump wins the Republican Nomination. Mitt Romney announces Independent run.
Monumental Emerson poll finds Gillibrand, Warren, Sanders all neck in neck at 25% each. Harris and Buttigieg trail with 10% and O'Rourke with 5%. Romney drops to 16% in Republican Primary poll.
CNN Op-Ed by Warner endorsing Gillibrand
Gillibrand 29%, Bernie 25%, Warren 16%, Harris 7%, Buttigieg 7%, O'Rourke 6%, Yang 4%, 6% Undecided. Klobuchar, Gravel, Inslee drop out.
Breaking: Big polling shake-up! Biden drops out, citing health. Gellibrand picks Booker, who recently dropped out, as VP candidate. Both Gillibrand and Warren see surges in polls from Biden dropping out.
Polling Updates: Biden with 30%, followed by Bernie (24%), Gillibrand (13%), O'Rourke (8%), Buttigieg (6%), Warren (5%), Harris (5%), Booker (5%), Mike Gravel (4%). On Republican side: Trump at 82%, Romney/Collins ticket at 17%. Weld is at 1%, considering dropping out.
Republicans, especially @SenetorShelby opposed better education for Americans.
Recent internal leaks from Russia's FIS intelligence agency exposes a Russian interference in the German electronic voting booths. Chances of Merkel's re-election are slim.
@SenetorShelby donates $2 million to @realDonaldTrump's reelection campaign.
Romney: "We need to stop the insults &amp; bigotry and unite as a country by having calm, intellectual, discourse. Just this morning I was personally insulted by Sen. Warner at the Constitutional Convention. Bullies like Sen. Warner &amp; @realDTrizzle should NOT be leading our country."
Collins: "As a senator who is working at the constitutional convention I am helping to solve these problems we have been facing for many years. I hope to settle these issues that the senate has been in argument about including abortion and healthcare."
Trump 81%
Romney 9%
Collings 7%
Weld 3%
CORRECTION: The 8% previously recorded as undecided were mismarked and are actually for Beto O'Rourke.
Biden: 24%
Sanders 22%
Gillibrand 12%
Buttigieg 10%
Harris 9%
Warren 7%
Klobuchar 5%
Yang 3%
8% Undecided
Romney slowly but surely gaining republican defectors from Trump. Reports of Susan Collins looking for Iowa staffers. Delaney, Swalwell, Hickenlooper, Moltoun, Ryan all dropped out due to lack of support.
Biden falls in polls amid mistaking Syria for Serbia and lack of support for Medicare for All. Meanwhile, Gillibrand climbs in polls due to fervent activity in the Convention, and Sanders holds on to his 22%. Harris, Warren losing traction.
Sen. Kevin Cramer makes impassioned plea on Twitter: “while we most not forget our core values, we must also work together and be able to make consessions.”
Vladimir Putin finished his summit with Kim Jong-Un this afternoon saying “Russian interests are being upheld. A truly successful meeting with President Kim.” https://t.co/wDgFyis8gZ
Mitt Romney formally announced his campaign today at a high school auditorium in Iowa. He spoke at length about American Exceptionalism, Trump, and his faith. Despite an excited reception, critiques have attacked Romney as opportunistic and abandoning his home state of Utah.
Check out new Op-Ed by Sen. Mark Warner in the times opinion pages: “McConnell, Romney, and Shelby bring shame to America. We must move beyond bigotry and hate.”
Bernie Sanders has been campaigning across the country spreading his message of economic populism to great support
Kirsten Gillibrand in Fox News interview: we need to encourage “bipartisan collaboration” and understand the “strong need for both parties to come together and compromise.”
Gillibrand getting unexpected bump in polling from heated Fox News Interview.
New Democratic Primary Polling:
Biden: 28%
Sanders: 22%
Buttigieg: 10%
Harris: 8%
Warren: 6%
Gillibrand: 6%
Booker: 5%
Yang: 3%
Klobuchar: 2%
Inslee: 1%
Swallerll: 1%
Other: 8%
New Monmouth Poll among republican voters:
Donald Trump - 84%
Mitt Romney - 14%
Bill Weld - 2%
A man was apprehended in Columbus outside of Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown’s office. He had attempted to stab two security officers before yelling “Knives for all!” Both officers are in stable condition.
A representative for Sen. Mitt Romney has offered details on an exploratory committee for president
Is your handbag giving you cancer? New Johns Hopkin’s study questions everything.
Israel, continuing down the seemingly endless warpath, gives it's aid to the german bombings of Egypt, and goes on to strike syrian bases receiving Russian aid.
Chairman of the EU Jean-Claude Junker offers his support of the German attacks and gives half a billion dollars to Angela Merkel.
Germany has recently bombed Syria, Egypt, and Russian weapons facilities. Germany has also sent 50,000 troops to attack Al-Nusra, formerly a companion of Germany.
Syria, after relinquishing their alliances with Russia and Egypt, now are formally allied with Turkey, the Free Syrian army, the al Nusra Front and Jordan.
Breaking news: North Korea has sent bombs to rebel-controlled ground in Syria. Casualties unknown.
The United States has just imposed a steel tariff against Russia, in retaliation to their "breaking of the cease-fire"
BREAKING: Assad severs all diplomatic ties with Russia and Egypt.
US military bombs Assad's chemical weapon facilities. Few casualties, but all chemical weapons are destroyed.
Israeli military attacks Syria with complete military, economic, and political support from the European Union.
The head of the EU has released a statement: "If the Russian Federation attacks anyone under the EU or any of its allies, or if Kremlin involvement in the Juncker kidnapping is proved, the EU will, with help from fellow nations, declare war against Russia and its allies.
Bashar al-Assad: "I was not aware, nor did I approve of the statement made by my foreign ministry concerning chemical weapons from Russia." https://t.co/BhirTtIQag
Breaking news: Russian and Egyptian air forces have bombed a Free Syrian Army military base. 1,200 casualties and counting.
King Abdullah II has accepted a total of 1.5 million USD, contributed by Russia, Egypt, and Israel, to be used for the assimilation of Syrian refugees into Jordan.
Troops from the Free Syrian Army have been deployed to a site near the Russian military base in Syria. There have been no reports of open fire yet.
Israel continues airstrikes against Syria, although increased Russian defense in Syria keeps bombardment at bay.
Russian troops retaliate to European allied onslaught, foreign ministry says: "Russia is on the brink of war".
CNN has reported an influx of 100,000 new refugee applications in Jordan and 200,000 in Lebanon, likely due to the recent European and Israeli bombings.
Syrian Defense Ministry puts forth statement: "Syria has never had, does not have, and never will have chemical weapons. These recent strikes are clear examples of Western Imperialist Terrorism, and if they continue, we will have no other choice but to retaliate."
The Israeli army, in the wake of recent German airstrikes, has sent additional missiles targeting chemical weapon stockpiles in Syria.
Germany executes air strikes against two government controlled chemical weapon strong holds.
Putin: Nebenzya declared traitor and executed for his crimes against the sovereign Russian state by colluding with United States government.
It has been confirmed that there were 52 deaths and hundreds injured in the recent chemical attacks on rebel-controlled territory in Syria.
U.S. intelligence officials report evidence of chemical weapon attack on rebel controlled territory in Syria. President Bashar Al-Assad denies involvement; refutes “western slander” against his administration. He claims that "rebel terrorist forces" were behind the attack.
