@kylandyoung You're a movie reviewer, you should look it up and check out his work. Academy Award winner.
@imreadyimreadyx I'm not sure what the followup was but Golden Boy was their last show. :( Not because of William Hurt but because of a million other factors.
@AndieNewton It wasn't about him buying the theatre company. That was never what it was about. He was looking to work with an ensemble again. Besides, the company was crumbling already with or without him. Unfortunately.
@alex_mayro I have no idea where he is - we completely lost touch - but I'm trying to figure out where he might be. I was the "newbie" in this very well-established group and I might have felt totally left out if it hadn't been for him.
@TruculentTexan Keep on keepin on!!
@nitagale wow - amazing!
@87Sunvalentine I am already a writer. Thank you!
@heracrossguy William Hurt is still alive. Perhaps you're thinking of John Hurt?
@MissTanya Hi Tanya! How're things?
@SassyGirlBoss I ask myself this every day. But I do write in many other outlets so I figure it's okay to blow off steam here.
@ianslessor Best of luck to her!
@jacaphene ha. Thanks. I'm all about the preamble. People get so irritated. Which is ridiculous since this website is free.
@TaraNotTahra Shannon was in operation at the same time - same era! But different Michael.
@IamCassandraEsq I'm trying to find him! I haven't thought about him in years but this thread brought it ll back.
@Biskotheque I love John Hurt too - and miss him  - but this was about William Hurt!
@BlueSkiesG1 The company folded - which it was probably going to anyway, with or without William Hurt. It was a troubled group. Great people great talent though.
@Irishjenn2005 We were wisecracking floozies who completely understood each other. lol
@ToddBailey78 I know, I wonder how he remembers it. It was a long time ago.
@ErinLCarlson I'm going to try - putting the feelers out.
@RobertGuyDavis Thank you Guy.
@IARobbins well, she is a fantastic actress but unfortunately she was not there.
@TimMillerCritic You're welcome. It was one I had been wanting to share - a favorite memory.
@LafleurJennifer Me too, actually! It's been too long.
@sporthugs what a beautiful comment.
@sicbass lol
@arianamarie I love how so many people are asking this. I haven't thought of him in years but doing this thread brought it all back. I'm looking for him as we speak.
@BellaLunaStar13 Thank you!!
@fabnsab Honestly, I don't know - but Tweeting this out has made me curious. So far, nothing, but I've put my feelers out. Many of the rest of the group are still in the game - teaching, acting, etc. Great group of people.
@Chuckshake1 He's so wonderful but seeing him onstage is a whole other ballgame. Thanks for reading!
@pamallyn Oh this is so wonderful. Thank you for sharing. It's a lesson I have to learn over and over again.
@AlisonBroadben1 He really was fantastic and I learned a lot from him. I happened to come into the company just as it was crashing and burning so it was a very tense and heartbreaking time for the group.
@iamiangrey I completely under-estimated the Chicago winter. I was 21 years old and reckless. I finally got the picture and was ready for the next one.
@Brian_Tallerico Now I want a Manhattan in an air-conditioned bar. thanks Brian!
@pmokane holy mackerel, Fiona Shaw! It sounds amazing.
@cskolding Thank you so much. Your comment is beautiful.  and yes: endless sustenance, for real.
@pmokane oh wow that sounds wonderful and special.
@iamiangrey "a famous Venezuelan siren" - holy smokes. That is far more interesting than me driving around LA in a ratty camper van that kept breaking down on the 405 and finally being like "This blows. I'm outta here." But yes: I bought clothes at Salvation Army once I arrived. Easy-peasy.
@selfstyledsiren Right? Me too!  I was thinking the same thing - it gives an even weirder vibe to the story and the relationship with the sisters.
@sarapasqualina Oh no!  Okay, I'll take the blame.
RT @Andbis: @sheilakathleen *Extreme Stefon voice* This story has EVERYTHING: comedy, drama, a bittersweet magical ending... For real there…
@Andbis "new in town pneumonia actress" lol  I love this whole comment.
@selfstyledsiren !!!!!  Yay! Isn't it amazing? Incredible cast. Truly creepy at times. Lupino! Her pompadour!
@MrPaulDuane It was definitely A Night to Remember.
oops I meant Rogers Park. Carry on.
@erikpatterson xoxo!!!
@mcastimovies I don't care how many times I see that Gif, I burst out laughing. Some people are mad it's so long. Seriously, twitter is FREE. I don't get it. lol  thanks Monica.
@JeannieR207 what a beautiful way to look at it. I have tried to picture what we all must have looked like to him doing that show in an echoing theatre.
@sarapasqualina I'm so happy to hear this!
@alancinephile yes! To quote Tommy Lee Jones in The Fugitive, "My my my my my what a mess." Our company mirrored The Group in more ways than one.
@Andrew_Legge Thank you Andrew!
@mascuch It's a wonderful reminder if you need to get centered - which I often do!
@BeverlySampson wow!!
@garius Love this!
@alancinephile Yes! Michael felt the inspiration of that original casting - wanted to dig as deep into as he could, b/c of Kazan's example. How I wish I had seen that original production. But I did get to hear that recording and it lived up to the hype in my mind.
@RoannaFlowers Love her so much!
@wsperuzzi Yes, of course. That was Michael's inspiration.
@mattprigge awww this is great, Matt!
@mostlybears If only real life were like that! Good alternate ending!
@garius I think of it all the time, still.
@TheKerryOMalley Thanks cuz ... one of my favorite experiences as an actor, for sure!
@ThatNeilGuy Thank you! It's always been rattling around as something I wanted to share!
@akstanwyck Wow! Yes, lovely. For me, he will always be who he was that night. "One of us."
@BigTrosMan Yes! It's always a great time in Chicago theatre but that moment - w/the explosion of Tracy Letts - was particularly exciting.
@foster_rudy_ Yes!
@CharlesPPierce Thank you, Charles! I love your work!
@TerryTeachout1 Thank you, Terry!
@BilgeEbiri It was a very emotional night!
@Winter He really is, you're right! Amazing stage actor.
@BigTrosMan I was there when Michael Shannon exploded on the scene with Killer Joe! Same era!
@EricaCiccarone Thank you! I don't think I've been called that before but I will surely take it!
@rudyfan I should find out. The company scattered to the four winds. I'm still in touch with a couple of them.
@SarahMNeilson Huh? No, not positive. I resisted the cult-like vibe of the group - which I described in the thread.
@AlishaGrauso and thank you!
@AlishaGrauso Michael was completely lovable. You get it!
@williampietri huge compliment! lol Thanks!
@StephenWhitty lol I wish. The company closed. Mainly because the atmosphere became so toxic and nobody was getting along. But also yes, they had lost all their money. Michael stayed in touch w/Hurt I think.
And that's my name-drop.
The company closed after Golden Boy. They had lost too much $$. But I'll never forget doing the whole show for him - sitting there in an otherwise empty theatre - in tears, filled w/his own private griefs/wants/love. And open to just BE-ing with us. It was why he had come.
Love and relaxation.
It was like he was remembering. Remembering why he wanted to do this in the first place. That's what I saw on his face. For the whole long ride - half hour maybe? - nobody spoke. Just the wind and the cold and utter freakin exhaustion.
It was a cold night, and Michael dropped people off, one by one - making his way towards the Loop and Hurt's hotel. As he sat there, quietly, Hurt looked - literally - like an ecstatic medieval saint. It may sound dramatic but you'd have to be an actor maybe to get it?
He didn't want to sit up front. He wanted to sit in the back with us. So Michael drove through the completely silent Chicago streets with a pickup truck full of actors and one celebrity. A couple people slept the whole way, but I didn't and neither did Hurt.
Because it was so late, and nobody wanted to haul ass to the L and take a train home to wherever at 4 a.m., Michael was like, "I'll take as many people as I can fit." So we all clambered into the back of his pickup truck, including Hurt.
Finally, people were literally falling asleep on the floor. Hurt was staying in a hotel somewhere and Michael - who drove a pickup truck - because of course he did - was going to drive Hurt back to the hotel.
It was just a bunch of actors shooting the shit. We talked until 3 o'clock in the morning. There were no refreshments. We didn't even have booze. We just crouched on the floor talking about theatre and acting and training and making a meaningful career amidst the chaos.
But then it all got a little bit more casual, and we were talking about our work, and he was talking about his, and he was asking about why the hell people weren't coming to this show, and he told some funny stories about working w/ Christopher Walken. The boundaries dissolved.
Afterwards, we all sat on the floor in the lobby and talked. Just him and us. He was still a wreck. I hope he won't mind me saying this. He was a beautiful wreck. He said, "That was one of the most profound theatrical experiences I've ever had. I can't put it into words."
He was clapping, but he was also in tears. As in, tears were streaming down his face. He was completely a wreck. I don't think because we were so brilliant (or maybe) but b/c if ever there was an example of doing this work only because you love it - we were it that night.
We came out for our bows. This will sound cheesy, but this is how it happened - as we bowed (no individual bows: part of the cult of the company) we couldn't avoid it - we all looked over at him. Who else were we gonna look at? It was a howling abyss out there!
We gave each other looks backstage like: "This is  embarrassing." I whispered to Michael, "My veins are coursing with white-hot shame." Michael, in his Fuselli fedora, said, w/his typical charm: "Fuck that shit. Do your work." Good advice. "Love and relaxation" remember?
Golden Boy is not, how you say, a comedy, so at LEAST we didn't depend on an audience for laughs because that would have been even more buh-LEAK.
We did the show as we had always done the show. We were professionals. We did our work. But still ... you have to admit it was a unique situation. If it had been someone other than Hurt, we would have refunded them, or given them tix for another night.
But what are ya gonna do. We did the entire three-hour long show for one person. And that was William Hurt. He sat about 10 rows back (it was a big theatre too, y'all - not a black box. 150 seats maybe).
We had a desperate meeting backstage. "We can't ask him to come back on another night. Oh my God nobody is fucking out there. It's a howling abyss of a theatre. This is the worst. This is a nightmare. Oh my God!"
So. The night comes. William Hurt is coming to our show. This is like Waiting for Guffman. lol.  And ... nobody else showed up. There had been reservations - only about 10 or 20 ... but nobody showed. The only person who showed was William Hurt.
There were nights when no one showed up. Those were the Michael-Sheila-jager-rando-flirt nights, but still: to be sitting there in costume waiting for an audience who never comes was epic in symbolic awful-ness.
We all knew when he was coming. Our main fear - and it was a collective fear - fear isn't even the right word - it was more like terror and anticipatory shame - was that on the night he would show up, nobody else would show up.
So William Hurt wrote back. This is all snail mail, you understand. Golden Boy, as I said, had a long run, we still had weeks to go, so he and Michael corresponded a bit, had a phone conversation, and Hurt made plans to come see the show.
Turns out ... Michael's was the only letter William Hurt received. Theatre companies: take note! Listen! Make that invite!
He said something like "I am sure theatre companies are bombarding you with invitations but we would love to have you come see our work and get to know us."
So Michael - because he was GREAT, and not a cynical asshole like everyone thought, wrote William Hurt a letter and told him about the theatre company - its successes (b/c it had had HUGE successes) - and also about Golden Boy and their devotion to doing all the works of Odets.
Michael had read an interview with William Hurt. In the interview, Hurt mentioned how much he missed doing theatre - it was his true passion - and he was looking for a theatre company to invest in. He didn't care what, where. He was looking to revitalize himself.
Okay finally at LAST we get to the name drop.
I freakin dissolved in laughter. Nobody else laughed, it was a TERRIBLE vibe, but I could not get it together. I was weeping. I mean, what else are you gonna do. 4 people showed up to this show we all loved doing. Jokes HELP.
Michael was lying back in his seat in the theatre, long legs draped over the seat in front of him, and he said lazily, "Sure, sure, I'll do that. Tonight, though, I walked out onstage and just froze with those 8 eyes on me."
One night after the show, during the endless notes-giving session, bummed because we had played to like 8 people  - the director gave Michael a note on his entrance. "I want you to do this and this and this and make sure to make such and such clear."
I continue to believe that I was the only one who really "got" Michael. We were doppelgangers, maybe that's why. He also was somehow not in the cult, even though he was one of the founders of the company. His process was very very fluid and instinctive.
There were nights we had to cancel b/c only 5 people showed up. There were nights when no one showed up. Don't get me wrong. It was a bummer. Everyone was very gloomy ... but Michael and I would go out and do shots of jager and make fun of everything and flirt with randos.
What made it more cult-like was that even though the show was up and running, the director continued to give COPIOUS notes after each performance. Maybe just pull us aside one by one to give a little tweak of a note as opposed to have us all sit there for an hour every night?
People were fighting. The backstage area seethed with rage. People were doing Strasberg-ian relaxation exercises with a VENGEANCE. Sobbing. I, meanwhile, lay on the floor in my slip, listening to the B-52s on my walkman. It was a surreal experience.
Since I was not in the cult of the company, I didn't take the failure personally. I was having a great time, I loved my character, I got good reviews, it was my first show in Chicago. Everyone was extremely gloomy, grim, ponderous. Things got very very tense.
So. Opening night and Ruth Nelson aside: the show opened and nobody liked it. The critics praised the acting but didn't like the show. It was a long run, too. So we started to play to dwindling audiences which was extremely depressing.
It was like they were offended that he brought "the gay" into Odets. Like, oh noes, everything isn't gay, why are they forcing me to watch "the gay" ... Listen. Take it up with Odets. It was a bold performance.
His performance was amazing. He chose to take the subtext of Fuselli and make it text - played him as a man in love with Joe - and yet in love with him in a controlling way. The text supports it. It was this whole other aspect to the character. Incredible. Critics hated it. https://t.co/5z01MF7Xsr
But irritable. Did not suffer fools. People kept their distance from him. He had a dirty dirty mind and said incredibly inappropriate things and had a different girl on his arm every night. Naturally, we got along great.
One of the company members was a guy named Michael. He played the gangster Eddie Fuselli who sucks Joe Bonaparte into the boxing underworld. Michael was a tough customer. Gorrrrrgeous. Like James Franco. Brilliant actor.
Phoebe Brand had played Anna in the original Broadway production and the director had a recording - !! - audio only - of that original cast. I was shocked to hear the rat-a-tat of the dialogue - how ALIVE it was - how New YORK it was - no pauses. I used it as my model.
Rehearsals were rigorous though. Lots of acting TRAINING along with the rehearsing. The director had studied with Kim Stanley and Lee Strasberg. It got a bit ... ponderous. However: not complaining. I had arrived in Chicago literally 2 weeks before and I was in a show already.
"Love and relaxation." And that is why she was the legendary Ruth Nelson. Okay, so onward. I never really "fit" with the group, basically because I didn't want to join a cult. But I had a blast. I loved my role. She was so much fun.
She gave a little speech beforehand, about the Group Theatre, about the importance of finding people who feel the same way about art as you do, to do good work, to not worry about the results. Someone asked her, "What's the key to good acting?" I'll never forget her answer:
Meeting Ruth Nelson was one of the great thrills of my life. A connection w/the past - the continuum of work which had inspired me in high school - Odets and Phoebe Brand and Morris Carnovsky and Garfield and Ruth Nelson - and there she was, having champagne at the party. Swoon.
For example: Ruth Nelson, one of the original Group members - an amazing actress (she played fellow Group alum John Garfield's mother in Humoresque) - came to our opening night. The director flew her in. She was elderly and frail and she glowed. (This is not the name-drop part.)
Rehearsals began. I realized that the theatre company was basically a cult. Everyone was brilliant. They put on shows everyone in Chicago talked about. I had even heard of them before I lived in Chicago. They modeled themselves on The Group. All good. This was my milieu.
One of the few happy couples Odets ever wrote. At any rate, even though I was sneezing and wearing summer clothes in the middle of a blizzard - and I didn't even have a headshot - I got the role. He gave it to me right then. First audition in Chicago. Not too shabby.
This was a very tight-knit company with a group of actors who were all members. They usually didn't hire outside of their group. But they needed someone for the role of Anna, Joe Bonaparte's sister. Married to the cab driver. Very happily. In fact she never gets out of bed.
I was a wreck. I should not have gone. I could barely breathe. I had no winter clothes. I had fled Los Angeles remember - it was not a well-considered move. It was a "GET ME OUT OF HERE NOW" dash. So I sat there, sneezing, trying to put on my "actress audition" face.
This was one of the many established theatre companies in Chicago - part of the draw of Chicago - it's a smaller pool but more people are doing more interesting work. So anyhoo, I dragged my pneumonia-ridden ass up to Oak Park to meet the director.
I moved there for the theatre scene - so - pneumonia or no - zero clothes or no - I decided to get cracking on auditioning. An actor friend gave me a heads up that a theatre company was holding auditions for a production of Golden Boy. Lightning bolt of excitement: ODETS.
Years ago, I moved to Chicago. To say I fled Los Angeles in the dead of night with only a suitcase of clothes is just a slight exaggeration. It wasn't a move. It was a getaway. I arrived in the teeth of a blizzard, crashed on my friend's couch, and promptly got pneumonia.
Here's my best name-drop story. It could never be repeated. Sometimes I wonder if it even happened. It feels like a dream. Naturally I need to provide a personal preamble. Those of you who get annoyed at personal preambles
1. What is your problem? Life's too short.
2. Mute away.
RT @selfstyledsiren: My favorite photo of Natalie Wood, #BornThisDay in 1938. She would have been 81. I love everything about her style her…
@unrealDMGold Sure! I found it understandable (I don't get the math part of it) and informative. I read the Vox piece and now want to read Kaplan's book - which covers the same territory - I really like learning about the concepts!
@unrealDMGold I loved this book - have you read? Thx for the reminder! https://t.co/SDTIdlnrYn
https://t.co/jNdCIerDeL
https://t.co/huPxl7SZQ6
@StevenBeschloss No.
RT @jonrog1: I don’t care who you are, you stand when you meet Buzz Aldrin. https://t.co/4bxQHE2l0l
“Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed.” https://t.co/KlBvYWSL84
https://t.co/22QzZ6qp0L
My favorite quote from the responses of Neil Armstrong (or was it John Glenn, intern at New York Daily News?) and Buzz Aldrin on what the moon's surface looked like - came from Buzz Aldrin - the most evocative two words: "Magnificent desolation." #goosebumps
An incredible shot, taken from the lunar module, as they approached the moon's surface: https://t.co/CgzlUVazr6
Please note the "his or her." Much appreciated, Buzz.
Buzz Aldrin, upon landing: "This is the LM pilot. I’d like to take this opportunity to ask every person listening in, whoever and wherever they may be, to pause for a moment and contemplate the events of the past few hours and to give thanks in his or her own way.”
#OTD  Cronkite's broadcast.  https://t.co/58TegU7KZz
@petersob13 Best thread ever. I've been following along in real-time. It's the best use of Twitter I've ever seen.
@slaymetothemoon @FangasmSPN Nothing is more interesting than their relationship, end-stop. Why futz with a decade-long formula? That doesn't at all feel like a formula - because relationships are always in flux. That's the draw. Nothing else.
The best thread in Twitter history. https://t.co/vP3AgdVzcP
Okay that picture is hilarious. https://t.co/TUoRbutCnA
Went to the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center last weekend to see my friend @GeorgeBrant3 's new play TENDER AGE - starring @Carlo_Alban : Here's a great in-depth article in the @washingtonpost about the play, George, Alban, and etc.: https://t.co/QbjfStUDQV
@biscuitkitten @selfstyledsiren Oh my God YES.
@queuing4sarnies I mean ... it's just outrageous. Not too many men can pull a V-neck off.
@crowleys_tailor JA is a scene-stealer. Imagine him without JP though. It's symbiotic.
@crowleys_tailor "That’s the comedy line. The laugh goes up and up in volume and cascades down. As soon as it’s getting a little quiet, the straight man talks into it, and the comic answers it. And up goes the laugh again." /2 I mean ... hardest job. If you don't have it, you don't have it.
@crowleys_tailor Cary Grant: "George was a straight man, the one who would make the act work. The straight man says the plant line, such as “Who was that man I saw you with?” and the comic answers it: “Oh, that was not a man, that was my uncle.” He doesn’t move while that line is said." /1
@crowleys_tailor I'll see if I can find the Cary Grant quote. In his vaudeville days, he used to stand backstage and watch George Burns and Gracie Allen's act - listening for how Burns did it, how in tune Burns was w/what needed to happen and - crucially - when.
@crowleys_tailor One of the hardest jobs in show biz is the "straight man." Very few people can do it. Cary Grant spoke about this quite eloquently. You have to listen, and FEEL the laugh - it's timing, it's almost mathematical!
@crowleys_tailor yeah and it all comes from the **conception**. Because if his conception was off or general - it wouldn't be what it is. His conception for Soulless was so fascinating and so different from his actual character - he's brilliant.
@crowleys_tailor His comedy is very subtle. JA's verges more into clowning. (A compliment.) JP's has to do with how he listens. I'm sure it doesn't feel as funny as it is.
@biscuitkitten "You are protected by the enormity of your stupidity. [brief pause] For a time." That pause is DEADLY.
@Ghazal_81 I'm looking forward to it! It will be weird but it will be great too! I just hope whatever happens it is worthy of them.
@crowleys_tailor and, sadly, he hasn't gotten the chance to be funny as much in the last 3 years. One of the huge "lacks" of the show now. Bah! But I will "accentuate the positive." One of my favorite funny moments of his is his response to Dean's "it shoots destructo beams out of its eyes."
@cinematrans she's been posting promotional videos on her Instagram - as Katie - and they are ridiculous. I watch them over and over.
@crowleys_tailor It was easy for Brando, so easy that he got bored with it and didn't think it was a big deal. Comedy is harder than drama. It requires timing - which can't be learned.
@cinematrans sooooo funny. Directed by another old friend of ours, Sean Abley - who is also brilliant. A couple guest stars, most from our old Chicago crowd. I so wish I could be there!
@crowleys_tailor Maybe value's the wrong word. I've seen it before - when something comes easily, sometimes the person doesn't recognize it, or how hard it is for others. To Brando, for ex., acting was so simple he thought anyone could do it.
I so want her to bring Katie's Corner to New York ... she has done a live version before - the show is 90% improvised because ... having watched the videos ... how could you even script this? Alex is amazing. Once again: selling out fast: https://t.co/8ILBX27nha
And here, "Katie" takes on a Very Special Topic: Women in the Workplace. Where she interviews a random woman (aka Alex's actual wife Chrisanne). I just ... can't with how funny this is. Get thee funny friends or get thee death. https://t.co/wa1AQM4smP
@Ghazal_81 For me, it's about the duo, and the duo only. But yes, I will miss this show - but I do look forward to seeing what they do next!
What is Katie's Corner? It's a long running series of videos where Alex - playing Katharine Hepburn - gives how-to tips and advice, all while reminiscing about her career. Here's just one of them: She is insane. https://t.co/QAkkQqDDRs
Los Angeles people: Tix are going FAST for my good friend Alexandra Billings' show Katie's Corner - at the LGBT Center in Hollywood - tonight and tomorrow. I so wish I could be there. It is going to be hilarious. Tix here: https://t.co/8ILBX27nha
@crowleys_tailor Sometimes when something comes really easy to someone - like how he "hears" where a joke is - and knows how to nail it  - they don't value it. It's so easy to them.
@selfstyledsiren I miss evil old ladies and I miss snooty dowagers as well. These archetypes kept actresses working well into their 70s/80s with juicy crazy parts.
Will miss them both. Wonderful actors. #JaredPadalecki https://t.co/rouLC1hHSP
I've written a lot about how listening is the most important thing an actor has to do. Ask actors better questions and they'll all say the same thing. So much of what #JaredPadalecki has to do in #SPN is listen, and listen well. Listening is active for him.
This moment, too. The delayed eyebrow raise. The way he listens but doesn't comprehend. And he looks so condescending but it's only because she keeps barging up to him in tears and/or slapping him. It makes me laugh every time. https://t.co/6yQEUILvur
Happy birthday Jared Padalecki! One of the funniest moments in all of #Supernatural was improvised by him: and it's the kind "polite" "I'm just asking" yet slightly flat-affect look up at the end that makes it. https://t.co/iPL8ez22Xu
@EllCeeGee I love that one. They're so tough. Tough chicks. I was so excited when they recently came out w/a new one - Sugar Daddy is (so far) my fave off it.
Had a long conversation 2 days ago w/friends about The Pistol Annies. I love this line from "Bad Example": "I'm third-generation bartender ..." lol This is my fave of theirs. Crank it up. https://t.co/nuxaPHdI9e
@slaymetothemoon @FangasmSPN Honestly I wish more things would come between them. Either people - or their own issues - i.e. Season 9 - when they have to change, in order to save the relationship. I'm sick of this status quo. Amara was the last "obstacle" and it was fantastic.
@slaymetothemoon @FangasmSPN People who feel this way don't understand that conflict/obstacles drive drama, not an unchanging tone-poem of sameness. If you don't have conflict, you have no drama. We have seen the result of that in the last 3 seasons.
@szacharek wow!
@FilmComment His death scene in ROARING TWENTIES is a masterpiece of physicality - showing his dancer's understanding of how a body moves through space - but there's also that "slow *amazed*" feel about it. Playing out in one. He was brilliant: https://t.co/FkTzowSUtz
@FilmComment I wrote a little bit about why this is such a great comment - about skill/technique/imagination ... on my site: https://t.co/DtxMnmxSev
@FilmComment One of my favorite quotes from not only Cagney but any actor was his answer to a question about his memorable death scenes. Cagney spoke of seeing a documentary where a gorilla was hunted and shot and he said: "The animal died in a slow *amazed* way."
@Sam_Maddy @FangasmSPN Awww, thanks so much - I appreciate it!
Last year, I wrote about LOVE ME OR LEAVE ME - starring James Cagney and Doris Day in two tour de force performances - for @FilmComment .  https://t.co/jpJ0eDpCFV https://t.co/Vmsr5iMzzI
It's James Cagney's birthday. https://t.co/ti6WPp1Lub
@slaymetothemoon @FangasmSPN sure, yes. I'm always confused by people who are confused by this. Maybe everyone criticizing it is just really well-adjusted and never do anything "ooc" but ... boy. Don't know how they manage THAT.  (Not into the "ooc" criticism anyway as I get into at the link.)
@inthefade @JawnValjawn @noyokono @sprtnght Thank you! Right back atcha!
@crowleys_tailor @FangasmSPN It was really a strange experience to watch it straight through - S11 to S14. I have a feeling the passage of time will make "what went wrong" even more clear! and thanks, in re: S8. People have gotten so irritated w/me on here about it. (shrug. Used to it.)
@MissCarley lol  It gets worse and worse as it goes on and it's only two sentences long.
Oh dear God. https://t.co/EP7wh1w59m
@DavidJollyFL @IlhanMN Thank you.
@Glenn__Kenny oh my gosh, no.
@WhoaGaryHell She was always such a great guest on that show. and yes, he loves her - he just has to sit back and enjoy himself - which must have been so much fun for him.
@aoifemrtn I miss her. :( I know she's still out there but I still miss her presence in movies. She'd be an amazing dotty-old-lady character actress.
@aoifemrtn https://t.co/r1bc0snZau
@aoifemrtn Still, her screaming hysterically "I am responsible for my own orgasm" is a favorite moment.
@ThatNeilGuy @FilmComment You'll be in good company. Morning light in my apartment: https://t.co/TOuAsAP8ev
@ThatNeilGuy No need to apologize!!
