Actually the only ~indie~ band is Pixies
Welcome to another episode of “I didn’t understand what you said so I just repeated the one word that confused me with no additional context for my repeating”
This is for you @JeffTweedy
Candyfloss by Wilco https://t.co/M4HRUzirGE
Most of Summerteeth by Wilco: https://t.co/3DV97VLc2N
@AADowd https://t.co/FzfElBpaSq
the obliteration of the high-low divide in art inherently implies that the idea of "selling out" become obsolete
okay, first on my agenda for Halloween Kills: Michael takes peyote and finally lets down his defenses, accepting the mass of love he feels for Laurie Strode and accepting that his stabbing is a phallic representation of that love being misplaced
@AADowd the negative space in The King's Speech suggests a director uncomfortable in trusting the audience to understand the implications of his compositions. also, a director uncomfortable in trusting his own thematic implications
@TheHorrorMaster I have some ideas for the new Halloween and i am sad no one has called me to ask what they are. please call me. and ask what they are.
we are, all of us, produced by P. Diddy
there are only two kinds of literature: Romps and Bad
idk who needs to hear this but rich people need to pay their goddamn taxes
RT @mainshayne233: https://t.co/6KcMx9s2BU
RT @imatoofbrush: TFW you find out you just pissed on the ancestral tree. https://t.co/U8se3Jn8UG
Everyone who didn’t like this tweet endorses Walt Disney’s antisemitism
Nobody: 
Like seriously, no one at all:
Walt Disney: almost as much as I hate Jews
listen i MAY have spent the rest of my money today but it was vitamins and vanilla coke so it CAN'T be manic if it's good for you
i have mixed feelings on the death of malls bc like yeah they're capitalist and inherently suck but like...they were neon capitalism and that's just the tiniest bit better than website capitalism
me taking a b12 tablet: this acid fucking sucks
If your novel doesn’t have jokes in it then it’s just a really long prose poem
Mike Wheeler pitting on his denim vest: now they’ll know I’m the bad boy
Just bc nothing weird happened in an indie pop song doesn’t mean it was good
to THIS DAY i am unable to look at my old scripts in Courier New, out of fear that I will become horribly and irrevocably aroused!
as we all know, Courier New is the sexiest font. this is because it looks like it was written on a typewriter!
atrophy? more like cat-rophy
dogtags? more like dog-tags
soggy bread? more like dog-gy bread
roger? more like dog-er
cognitive dissonance? more like dog-nitive dissonance
frog? more like dog
progress? more like dog-ress
We're far from that bloody shallow, mate, don't you find yourself thinking?
i'm the only novelist bold enough to ask questions like, "what if two magicians ran for mayor of providence?"
RT @timpasta: When you're trying to seem interested with anyone https://t.co/pSG27l5Wlv
RT @timpasta: Post modernism https://t.co/cDwB9NzXCu
RT @timpasta: Random dweeb: Tim did you delete all the songs off your iPod except Mmm mmm mmm mmm by crash test dummies
Me, a cool guy: htt…
RT @iresimpsonsfans: RIP Ross Perot, one of 90's Simpsons best punching bags https://t.co/zRJmMbV2wL
when i found out #rossperot had died, Head Over Heels by Tears For Fears came on the radio and accidentally made the realization seem beautiful
here's my Big Book Summer Reading update: i am 17 pages into The Recognitions and almost DEFINITELY giving up and putting it aside to read another time
Me when there’s a dream sequence in a horror film: ah, I too love David Lynch
And even the word “raptor” means “sexy, special friend”
@cass4ndrawade No
The snack that smiles back: a gun
Expecting brevity from David Foster Wallace is like expecting brevity from David Foster Wallace
The head of programming at MTV: we have a new show where we lock Congress in a room and see if they all fuck
Tommy by The Who is like a really long version of the Abbey Road medley w worse lyrics and a lot more drum rolls. I also love it
RT @timpasta: “There’s money in dumpsters” -my brother
Here’s a thing I said to my cat: “hello handsome guy from the planet Zune”
Loving The Big Lebowski is hard bc i can’t talk to people about it bc they’ll think I’m a guy who’s really into The Big Lebowski which I am but I’m also not and I don’t know where to start
The slogan for college should be “learn some new words you can misuse!”
there's no greater gift i can imagine giving my niece than a shirt that says "my uncle doesn't have a job, but he does have a few ideas for a novel"
i'm rereading an old essay i wrote and honestly i keep thinking "oh that's a good point" and that's ego in motion, my dudes
Me saying “you’re feeding me a bogus line” is astral poetry of a higher order
No offense but any novelist who doesn’t FILL their work with jokes is a FUCKING COWARD
This wasn’t supposed to be a popular tweet
what's up with the word "eighth"? i mean, for fuck's sake
All I’ve eaten today is Pringle’s. In some religions, this is known as transcendence
https://t.co/QgzfYh40RX yo let's have harold bloom fucking put down
somewhere, on this horrid planet, there's a guy thinking "jeez, maroon 5 really get me"
@ryanquig5 i think it's terrific. you know, i know nothing about books, but i found what you just said very interesting
stop writing books about war, write about squids or something
literary critics when they see any book that's 1000 pages: here comes the novel of our generation!
me, when people tell me to read The Great Gatsby: yeah, but are there jokes in it?
Haha, boy I tell ya, I am sweaty all the time
Me: would a bipolar person do this?
Also me: *spends all my money*
i think i could have a touch of psychic ability, but i think it could also be that i hang out w a lot of people whose vernacular i've stolen
having just one picture on your tinder is fucking performance art
how do i tell people on tinder that i'm looking for someone who's vaguely pathetic in the same way i am?
YES, me saying "linear time is a myth" counts as flirtation
Thomas Pynchon's writing style is like your funniest friend coked out of his mind after reading every book in the world telling you about going to the supermarket but remembering a relative he had who fucked horses every other second
I went to college https://t.co/UfFT8ZKoee
@bgkzero I’ve heard that about you
Me, rewatching Simpsons episodes I’ve seen thirty times: god, where do these guys come up with this stuff
@arbrnna The world has to know
Yeah, I don’t think this is gonna work https://t.co/ziUAs1ZmaU
Me, looking through my contacts to try and find people to send my funniest tweets to: https://t.co/8Kl93xZ9wQ
Buick commercials are always like “have you even fucking seen a Buick? They’re so fucking sexy. You should fuck a Buick!!”
Patient: I had a rough childhood
Therapist: every time I hear “nothing lasts forever” I sing “even cold November rain”
Patient: shit, okay yeah lemme give you some therapy
When a really far left person and a really far right person argue but end up still being friends after, they were both just centrists and should be avoided at all costs
Remember when Max from Catfish made an action movie about LCD Soundsystem?
is Zodiac the world's worst adaptation of The Crying of Lot 49?
i've decided to live the life of an investigative journalist and investigate mysteries for fun, without ever publishing any of my findings
this summer will be the big one, where i search for authors who use pseudonyms and look for lost albums and email more people than i can possibly bear
If only you could see what I’ve seen with your eyes https://t.co/DiPxdjQkz3
RT @JoePalana: Arthur's Eyes Arthurize Arthur's Lies https://t.co/eom1EAZQji
Also I’ve dedicated the remaining years of my life to participating in the longest improv sketch of all time
Was it Kafka who said “boing boing goes the big bad boner”?
Hey uh! Tell your friends you love them! Bc you do! And they’d love to know that!
me after writing a three page short story: haha motherfuckers the novel is DEAD
What’s up everyone, can the movie Tootsie be problematic AND funny?
i saw a sign outside a used book store that says "remember those who gave all" and i know it's for memorial day but it really seems like they're saying that they kill people who donate their books to them
@inthefuckingway I’ll be your patron
In this essay, I will analyze Ferris Bueller’s Day Off and its effectiveness as a Marxist text
@WarehamDean’s performance in Mistress America just confirms my theory that Galaxie 500 should’ve had a Monkees-esque show
Every few years Hollywood lets Zach Braff make another weird goddamn indie movie bc they know it’ll fail and remind the American people that they don’t wanna be an earnest big-hearted dreamer like him and that’s how capitalism beats us
That same singer after their first show goes terribly: sorry Devin I just don’t think you’re a good fit but you’re like. Such a good dude
Singer for band that just got a new bassist who’s never played bass before: I just like, love the spirit of the amateur. So poetic
@beansprouts69 Hey the FBI just called me and wanted me to tell you to delete this immediately
It’s Gemini season motherfuckers! Let’s get manic!
aerosmith: i was crying when i met you, now i'm dying to forget you
me: what the fuck are you talking about dude
RT @andthejets: you are my dad. YOU’RE MY DAD! boogie woogie woogie https://t.co/o8j4MTPWED
Me sober:

Me sober:

Me sober:

Me after one hit: Nathan For You is a sequel to The Graduate
my fav part of making an ebay account is bidding 2 dollars on things that are listed for like 100 bucks
ever been to sears
Time for my favorite part of the party: checking my email
Me sliding along the hardwood floors on my socks after my mom refused to buy me Heelies https://t.co/NHVhqplkym
I got high for the first time in like two weeks and wrote an entire song about a pretentious couple breaking up at a party
This song writes itself (I have nothing written)
is "i had to look up wrestling moves to finish this verse" my best or worst lyric
it's wednesday and i'm out here tryna score ecstasy
i ate too much chicken and got a weird feeling in my stomach that i mistook for a depressive episode coming on
how many mediocre albums do i have to make before i can start acting like an asshole a la Fat Marlon Brando
case in point
I’ve made tweets that should’ve gotten four likes but only got two, so yeah you could say I know a thing or two about struggle
i will cry at work if it means making a lyrical breakthrough, yes
Daryl Hall giving John Oates equal billing in Hall and Oates is a brilliant example of communal spirit. let us commend @halloates as socialist icons
when Dee-Lite said, "no walls, only the bridge," i really felt that
just ASK your parents if they killed Jon-Benet Ramsey. if they say yes, you solved the mystery, if they say no, then you don't have anything to worry about
Me @ my guitar which has never once made a beeping noise: https://t.co/LaY6JS2jbE
why can't we start calling nudes "scantis"- short for scantily clad
I am not redownloading tinder! I am gonna be single and I am gonna figure out how tf to be good at it!
https://t.co/wVMISoxP1q give me some MONEY!
i just had to say the phrase "elaine from payroll is on line 2" in real life and it sounded incredible
like Ferris states "a person should not believe in an -ism, they should believe in themselves," which implies an individualistic streak, but he also spends the entire film trying to help someone with depression so that's not very libertarianistic
Ferris Bueller either grew up to be a libertarian or an anarchist and i'm holding out hope that it's the latter. he was a humanist, after all
or maybe i should write lyrics like "i'd sell you nudes if you'd just ask" so people know that i'm sensitive
if taylor swift can write lyrics like "you can't spell awesome with me" then i can write about watching tv for six straight hours and hoping something i watch will make me cry even tho it's only ever parks and rec episodes i've already seen 9 times
RT @gabegundacker: Met Gala is tonight! https://t.co/sc9R5ZMRk8
@MAXofLIVERPOOL My answer is yes
@MAXofLIVERPOOL Are you asking me out
@MAXofLIVERPOOL It was ALSO exciting to run into @MAXofLIVERPOOL
I bought the new @vampireweekend under the assumption that they’ll return the favor by listening to new Vaguely Vogue
yeah but have you guys heard the new Vaguely Vogue? https://t.co/sY4IaCabZn
having a song of mine be reasonably well-liked is enough incentive for me to write an entire concept album about Natasha Lyonne
my creative writing teacher called me new song "really great" and now i know i can do anything
https://t.co/oYL5Da49Ut do u guys even realize how embarrassed @vampireweekend are that they decided to release their album on the same day as my new single?
me after only filling in half the answers on a test: leave 'em wanting more
why didn't MTV's Next go even more balls to the wall? have the couple go on a date in a hot air balloon and then fucking NEXT the dude and push him to his death!
i'm out here hyping up Siamese Dream by Smashing Pumpkins like it just came out
hey @thelaurengraham it's me, tim, can you do me a favor and ask Amy Sherman-Palladino if she named Lorelei Gilmore after the Cocteau Twins song Lorelei
“High school musical is the reason sexual liberation will never happen in our lifetime” -@Peter_2k14
Nobody:
Me: actually there’s nothing in any of the Friday the 13th films that suggests Jason Voorhees would cuff his pants
RT @NoContextBoomer: https://t.co/H2iaXb0c0L
Listen guys I drank a glass of water! So I’m fine!
@WhatsItWirth You are so brave
@WhatsItWirth Six-ish
How about a little less Pet Semeraty and a little more Pet Dormitory
How many albums does Fatboy Slim have to release before you realize he’s trying to tell us something!!
I hope you all found what you were looking for
Guys when I say I’ve been listening to Groove Is In The Heart for 12 hours now I’m not fucking joking
brother i have been having a panic attack for three days now
i have a cat who was once a kitten and lemme tell u he was a dumb mf https://t.co/dmZoYCqtst
if u think i'm not gonna have a depressive episode at work you are WRONG bitch!!
RT @beansprouts69: mr sandman...bring me some sand
RT @FINALLEVEL: I get on Twitter… talk a little shit.. Get off… Back to life...
exciting news: the country radio station at work has finally been switched to pop, which is still p not good but at least it's got more textures!
Lately I’m having loads of new song ideas but I also wanna finish things quicker so I might’ve accidentally turned into Pavement
https://t.co/lzbAnDWm0e :))))
hey @TwoPaddocks i hope you're having a nice day
Charles Bukowski is just problematic Tom Waits, sorry!
I used to try and just make my lyrics functional and not necessarily very good but now I’m at a point where it’s past midnight and I’m texting anyone I can to show them a song I wrote
I’m not an avenger, but if I was I’d be Tony Starch, because potatoes
My fav thing about having got my degree in the mail is now Umass Dartmouth can never pull a fast one on me again
https://t.co/nPjPDqtClq @LisaLoeb
RT @futurecanon: David Lynch on directing with kindness https://t.co/1IaCqaU5De
Jeez can you imagine if Deadpool went into a bank and swore at the teller? Like what could they even do? He SWORE at them!
Just because the public won’t admit it doesn’t mean I have to pretend that I don’t know Paul Thomas Anderson ghost-directed episodes of Saved By The Bell
The best lyric I’ll ever write is “move into my building, we can get each other’s mail”
https://t.co/qCoPGYONz6
RT @beansprouts69: “I’m just doing my job ma’am” is my favorite response to most questions
I’ll listen to a Lisa Loeb album alone in my room on a Friday night I don’t give a fuck
I just wanna leave work, listen to Stay by Lisa Loeb, and cry!! Let me out of here!
@grady_hendrix are there any Paperbacks From Hell they got movie adaptations (other than perhaps the obvious examples like Jaws)?
RT @shannonpatota: RETWEET this PICTURE of my CAT if you are NOT a COWARD https://t.co/URGbknPs3F
YES I finished Gilmore Girls and NO that doesn’t mean it’s too soon to start it right over
No offense to Friday The 13th Part 6 but Jason wears gloves in it and that’s a creative choice I really can’t get behind
RT @nylonphillips: I want a girl who won’t just love me, but will love me AND my Bionicle collection.
today is friday which means i'm NOT going to have a crying episode at work, even if it takes heretofore unused reservoirs of strength and cosmic energy
Jimmy Fallon: eh hehe heh heeehehehe HAHA hehehe
Celebrity Guest: please just ask me any question
Look I know I’m not a country singer, but as a non-country person, I can readily attest that it’s a bad idea to have the lyric “it’s a brother and a sister kind of thing” in a song that’s in any way linked to the south
I’ve been watching Tales from the Crypt for two hours straight now and have not enjoyed a single episode I’ve seen
Hey Twitter I got dumped today so if you wanna send me fanmail now’s the time
@ryanquig5 @HistoryInPics @DieselNANK What am I supposed to do with this information
Hello world I feel like I’m gonna vomit all over the place
@beansprouts69 Thank you
If you’re ripping off Evil Dead I’m watching your FILM, no ifs ands or buts
Men with weird shaped heads are Republicans
You know how you watch Eraserhead and weird memories you didn’t know you had start to bubble to the surface?
Nobody:
White guys at clubs: L I C K my
T A I N T
Breaking News: Prominent Gender Theorists Believe You Should Scream “Dr Phibes Strikes Again!” Every Time You Climax
RT @beansprouts69: if i had a tinder my anthem would be steal my sunshine by len
RT @yunginstitution: https://t.co/dDsr6rMkks
Telling someone “happy birthday” is cool but it’s even cooler to follow that up with “we really showed them, didn’t we?”
i think pop country singers should release philosophy books bc it'd just be 500 pages of the phrase "sometimes life is a little funny" and "enjoy the simple things"
The problem w clown-horror in 2019 is that clowns aren’t a genuine phenomena experienced by today’s youth really so the reference point is no longer genuine clowns but instead other clown horror
Finn Wolfhard straight up improvised the entirety of his performance in It
Watching Trick Or Treat from 1986, aka an entire movie dedicated to making parents think metalheads wanted to kill them
@NickAntosca is the meat man in Butcher’s Block an allusion to Frank from Hellraiser or am I reaching?
